His reasoning for this is quite simple: love has the power to manipulate, destroy, dictate and reduce people to nothing.
Shisui sighs and rolls his eyes as he clasps his hands behind the back of his head and steps to the side, allowing Itachi to briefly peer into the room.
Itachi woke slowly to the familiar sensation of Sakura’s chakra sweeping through his body, her hand resting on his chest.
When they first got together Sakura was very smitten with Itachi, as days turned into months she became self-conscious of herself.
One day she saw Itachi with a beautiful woman, she came to the conclusion that Itachi was cheating on her.
She pressed against Itachi when it was over, during the few precious moments he left his guard down and wrapped his arms around her briefly.
This time he was attentive and tender as he moved on top of her, his hard body pressing against her.
Her throat was thick with anticipation, her hands sweaty as he leaned in closer until he met her eyes.
She could feel his white-hot touch trailing over her body and the soft words he occasionally mumbled in her ear.
If she closed her eyes, she could still feel his tender touches and hear his voice whispering things in her head.
Even now she longed to touch him again and to feel his warm body pressed up against hers as he moaned quietly in her ear.
In order to stifle her harsh moans, Sakura bit into his shoulder, tasting the salt of his sweat on her tongue.
In a flash Sakura was back by his side, her hands frighteningly tender in comparison to the icy rage in her green eyes.
Interested, he turned around halfway, his electric-blue eyes focused on a small figure that came closer and closer until he identified her as Sakura.
Sakura laughed, knowing that if she started to get defensive or deny it, Naruto would get more suspicious about whoever it was she was seeing.
"We'll have to be there for him then," Naruto flashed a small smile, but deep inside, Sakura knew that Naruto realizes just as well that Sasuke will never be able to return to the person he once was.
It would be best if Sasuke returned to Konoha after Itachi's death, so that both Naruto and her could re-start the process of fixing him until he would be fine again.
Why Itachi had allowed Sasuke to live with the pain of his family's massacre and why Itachi had always stimulated Sasuke to have his revenge.
But knowing Sasuke's vengeful attitude, he'd probably direct all of his anger towards Konoha, rather than his brother.
If Sasuke found out about Konoha's role in the massacre, Konoha would be facing war from two sides then: both Akatsuki and Sasuke would be plotting against them then.
If Sasuke didn't even realize that Itachi had killed the clan on order of Konoha, while they were close as brothers… how well did one person know another?
Perhaps it was a lost cause and perhaps it was better that Sasuke died so that he would never have to kill his own brother.
“Sasuke…” Itachi lunges forward and latches onto the body of his younger brother, blind to the mess as he drags Sasuke closer, holding him against his chest.
Itachi still hadn't realized that she knew, Naruto had no idea and most of all, Itachi's own brother, Uchiha Sasuke, believed that Itachi was working on his own initiative.
After hearing Danzou talking to the village elders, the only question that had bugged her was why Itachi hadn't killed Sasuke.
She was a bit shocked, she then found out that Itachi wasn't cheating on her, he was just seeing if the woman was worthy enough for his baby brother.
They ran off when Itachi had appeared, he went and comforted her, he fell in love with her green doe eyes the minute he laid eyes on them, he found her to be endearing.
It has been wide known that Itachi has been smitten for Sakura; he shows his love and desire for her by courting her and giving her the lovely bluebell flowers.
This word can mean so many things but to Itachi and Sakura it represents their love, for it is an everlasting kind.
If you were to define the definition of bondage it would be slavery, servitude, but to Itachi referring to Sakura it means so much more.
To Sakura though bondage means being with Itachi during the day, they have a bondage going on, her medic skills fixing him after he gets wounded on a mission, her healing him after an ANBU mission is a bondage, and most of all their love is a bondage.