Jaime thinks she won’t kill him, not when she saw him trying to kill his own sister for the greater good, even thought he loved her.
she huffed out yet another world weary sigh as Jaime grinned, trying hard not to bask in the feeling of having her focused solely on him.
Jaime really didn't mind having her look at him like he had just stepped in front of the sunrise, though, watching as she bounced between babbling and speechlessness.
"I'm sure..." Jaime raised an eyebrow and his brother barely contained the laughter that almost audibly twinkled in the lines around his eyes.
“It’s good to see you are happy, Jaime…” Tyrion said after holding his brother’s hand, smiling weakly.
"Dance mat," Jaime agreed, his darkening mood lifting for a second, and Tyrion groaned good-naturedly.
Tyrion nodded his approval, muttering something that sounded distinctly like he hoped they were 'grateful enough to name their first born after him' as Jaime followed him dumbstruck into the car.
Jaime could practically hear Tyrion's smile widen even as he lenhened his strides in order to put some distance between him and whatever perceived words of wisdom were going to assault his ears.
Brienne stage whispered as Tyrion disappeared into the back with an over exaggerated wink that Jaime hoped he could glare out of existence.
Brienne opened and closed her mouth in quick succession, searching for an explanation but coming up empty, Jaime putting her out of her misery with an unsavoury leer that left her bristling, instead.
“Jaime!” her voice cut through the descending haze of tangled emotion not a moment too soon, Brienne still blushing as she strode across the room to swap their usual cursory sweeping glances, though Jaime suspected that hers was more objective than his own had become.
As his fingers danced over the undefined dip at Brienne’s waist, to Jaime’s great surprise, she merely blushed, worrying at each of her lips in turn as the jackass stood on his toes to whisper in her ear.
Surprise flickered over her forehead, but before it became something else, she smoothly turned it palm up and waited for him to wiggle fingers Jaime knew he wouldn't still have if not for Brienne.
And once we get to know each other a little better," he smiled and Jaime's stomach dropped, hoping that the first person to turn Brienne's head in months wasn't pursuing her for an ulterior motive.
"You must be Myrcella," Brienne guessed as she clumsily shuffled away from Jaime, ducking her head in an attempt not to catch his searching eyes, her face flushed like a beacon bright enough to guide sailors safely into shore.
Brienne shot Jaime another look over her shoulder, one that he would have called seductive if he hadn't known better, her fair eyelashes fluttering almost hypnotically slow.
Her answering eye roll was so pronounced that her pale eyelashes fluttered viciously and almost before he realised he'd hypocritically grown distracted enough to lose his footing, Jaime was wrapped up in strong arms.
Taking a breath, his heart racing like she'd added sprint starts to his exercises, Jaime blinked slowly in a desperate attempt not to fall into her widening eyes that were swirling with questions.
," she gasped, causing Jaime to shuffle in his seat at the sudden flash of arousal that trickled down his torso to find a solid home between his legs.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake…” Jaime got hold of a cushion and threw at his brother, wincing because of the movement.
"If you get distracted by this guy or he breaks your heart," Jaime clenched his fist again, hiding the motion behind his back as he lied smoothly.
(In reality Jaime comes hard imagining the way she would press her strong hand firmly across his chest as she does so.)
Gritting his teeth, Jaime fought the urge to ball his hand into a fist, remembering how the last time he’d called out a man overstepping his mark with Brienne, it had put his recovery back another couple of weeks.
Brienne was as good as her word, trying to make his re-assessment as painless as possible while wincing each time he genuinely seemed to be hurting, but Jaime still played up every niggle he could.
And every time he managed to push all the right buttons, watching her think about leaving before viciously parrying the blow, never quite giving into his well-aimed attacks because she had a duty of care, Jaime couldn't help but begin to find a strange joy in their back and forth encounters.
Four, five months ago, they both would have baulked at such spontaneously caring acts, now, Jaime allowed an illicit thought to come to the forefront of his mind before he could push away the satisfying sensation that he'd only felt once in his life, back before he had given his heart to the army.
It was a much needed breath of fresh air, Jaime had reluctantly admitted to himself one night, searching for comfort from the flashing nightmares that kept him from sleeping peacefully, but he soon found she was actually a far better adversary when she forgot to hold back and teetered on the edge of anger, her eyes blazing and skin burning.
Even as Jaime traded increasingly heated remarks with her about the state of the Kings Landing Gunners and their new manager, all sharp edges and soft undertones, Brienne deftly evaded his searching gaze, finding more interest in his nose, forehead or throat.
The tension he'd all but forgotten about tightened while they stared at each other, a low, threatening hum building in his ears as Brienne opened her mouth only to shut it again with a click, standing straighter to tower over him, thin lips set in a hard line.
And though it took no time at all for her to look around at the four silent blonds and nervously swallow as if they were waiting for her reaction with baited breath, Brienne's disjointed explanations became lost in her deep exhale, a pleasantly surprised moan wrapping around the escaping air.
The glee in his responding grin was too big to be contained but he tried anyway, dipping his head in such a way that allowed him to hear a catch, imagined or otherwise, in each of Brienne's inhales.
Brienne shook her head but couldn't stop herself from smiling back, solicitude and solutions still swirling around her freckles.
There was a second where he thought Brienne looked almost wistful at the prospect of losing him, but then she blinked and was gently laughing back.
You don’t have to pretend to be interested,” Brienne smiled tentatively, indicating he should take a seat before they moved onto the next part of the assessment.
"That's not the point," he replied patiently, ignoring the growing amusement on the faces of the watching teenagers as he rose onto his toes to purr gently in Brienne's ear.
"It's a good thing nobody's going to starve then," Brienne replied in an equally teasing tone, reaching over to transfer a potato to her plate and another to Tommen's as he held out his in a silent request.
"Our dinners aren't always like this, Uncle Tyrion," Tommen gently chided as he lifted his head to thank her, seeming shy for a second before deciding to beam up at Brienne.
True to Tyrion's word, when Jaime turned to run his wandering gaze from her cheeks to her chest again, he discovered Brienne had been stacking any empty plates and bowls in a pile at the end of the table, not expecting anything in return apart from giving them all more space to eat and talk.
She shuffled on the front step as he stared and wondered how many home visits she did, looking so tall and strong and delicious, only noticing that Brienne was clutching a bottle of good Dornish red after Tyrion had given him a less than subtle jab with his shoulder.
The next thing he heard was Brienne clearing her throat somewhere above his head, peering up through his eyelashes to find her broad shoulders and hips casting him in shadows, one hand balancing the pile of neatly stacked plates like a pro as she reached across the table.
As Brienne spoke now, her eyes strayed to his collar and the inch or so of skin that lay exposed, and Jaime realised that she had never seen him dressed in anything other than gym gear or fatigues, though she'd seen him undressed dozens of times.
And by the time the morning arrived that he thought about Brienne asking him into bed, rather than out of it, Jaime was too confused and aroused to know what to do about it.
It was the middle of the night when Jaime woke up to see Brienne standing outside of the balcony doors, hunched over on the balcony and wearing a cloak around her shoulders.
“She is wise...She will do good.” Brienne looked at Jaime, he was resting his weight on the railing of the balcony, feeling the cold breeze caressing the back of his bare neck.
"I guess that nickname's just between me and her," he shrugged, nonchalant and dismissive, looking past Jaime as he spoke to stare further down the corridor.
Jaime noticed the blushing of her cheeks resulting from him spending so much time in silence while staring at her.
She turned back to him, and he expected to see a soft look on her face, a look of concern and sympathy.
She held him close, her eyes smiling at him, and he felt his heart swoop as she lifted his shirt over his head.
Not at all.” She smiled at him, a smile that did not reach her eyes, and still he could not see her face.
“Please, not again.” She looked up at him, leaned into him, and in a flash she was kissing him, and he kissed her back, his lips finally able to explore what his eyes could never see.
He tried to look at her, and again, he couldn’t see her, just those eyes that drew him in, that showed him the soul of a hero.
He looked up at her, and yes, her eyes were still angry, but he could see that it was just a mask for her worry.
She sat up, still pointing the sword at him, and he was frightened, he could feel his heart racing, but he knew that there was no reason for this fear.
“I saw your sword, I would love a sword like that, how could you not want to fight with a sword like that?” She eyed him again, her face still shifting before him, but her eyes steady and guarded as she stared down at him.
Or that bit where we fought dead people?” She rolled to the side, prolong herself up so she could look down at him.
Her hands clasped a sword laid on her chest, like the warriors of old, but he could see her breathing, she wasn’t dead, just sleeping.
“I am a foolish girl who was cursed by a queen.” He lowered his sword, he felt the coolness brush his clothes, but it didn’t hurt.
“You, who think nothing of rescuing a maiden from an evil queen, who lives with that curse, and who knows you would do it again.” He pulled her face to his then.
“The curse is lifted, they’ll want to meet you.” He turned to follow her, ‘what curse’ on his lips, but she was already gone.
He then went back to the present, to the woman in front of him, to the realization that he could have a chance of a better future.
He looked at her, and he saw those eyes again, the eyes that followed him through his fever dreams, that made a whole world for just them.
“Would that I had kept sleeping.” Her words stung him, he sucked in a breath as she caught his eye, and he stared into her eyes, eyes of sorrow and pain, eyes that spoke of a thousand wounds that would not be healed.
She cursed me to sleep and dream of my failures for all time; she said that since I rescued this one maiden, a thousand more would die in her stead, and it would be my doing.” Jaime held back his gasp at the queen’s cruelty, and held back the arms that wanted to wrap themselves around her.
“Jon was named The Hand and Daenerys is...she needs rest.” Jaime sat on the bed, took some effort and cursing throughout the process but he did in the end.
Jaime sat with some difficulty, grabbing the chair next to his bed to help him stand up and try to walk towards her.
She went closer to Jaime after closing the door behind her, grabbing the hem of her own shirt to try and make her less nervous probably.
Her hands starting pulling at his clothes, her face flushed with heat and longing, no words about duty crossing her lips.
She roughly opened hers, rummaging through it while she made no attempt to hide her angry mutterings.
Her scowl turned into a glare, a moment of uneasy silence passing between them before an impatient knocking sound rang through the space.
Her eyes caressed the floor in failure, worrying about why she was still no closer to finding an answer to why he wasn't recovering as well as he should have been, the second boom of the horn sending her skittering towards the door like they'd been caught in the act.
She looked so dejected that he found he couldn't dredge up a joke as he passed her in the doorway, making a spur of the moment decision to offer her his right hand for inspection.
"She's..." he paused, trying to pull away from the clutches of the past, old insults immediately coming to mind but none feeling right for the situation.
It takes her a moment to grind out a clarifying, “You know what I meant.” How he lives for the simmering fury in her voice that she’s trying so hard to contain.
“Been listening, have you?” “As if I could avoid it.” Then she moans, a cruel but accurate imitation of his earliest performance.
"Stop it," she kept growling as he amended his turns to tickle her ankles, though the admonishment was lacking any real hostility.
She frowned at the unexpected contact but didn't pull away until the sound of a car horn blasted through their comfortably settled reverie.
Her voice followed him down the corridor, so gentle and straightforward that Jaime didn't see the man approaching him from the opposite direction until it was too late.
It had been worth it, however, to see the flamed haired orderly turn tail the next time he’d seen Jaime casually strolling around the grounds with Brienne by his side.
"Scouts honour, wench," Jaime swore, saluting her with a wink that seemed to do more to rile up the man watching than Brienne herself.
“Four nights ago your hideous armour made some very telling sounds.” “I—” “Oh gods you were” Jaime exclaims, thrilled and suddenly more intently interested in his cock.
are,” he hissed, bring the phone up to her startled face, the blueish white light casting her in an icy glow, making her appear more monstrous than Jaime would have thought possible.
"That's not it," she pressed her lips together and furrowed her brow, studying him so intently that Jaime could almost feel his skin prickling as if he was being bathed in warm, blue light.
"It's a wonder you're so fit," she murmured, blushing as Jaime held her gaze while she tried to snatch a glance at him, still looking like she was working through Myrcella's earlier comments as he bit into his lower lip and studied her in return.
There was just enough concern in his voice for Jaime's cautiously confident facade to waiver, though, as he lifted his head from the custom leather seat, he read too much mischief in the younger man's eyes for it all to be genuine.
“You’re more interesting then you give yourself credit for,” Jaime muttered honestly, throwing himself down into the less than comfortable chair she had claimed at the beginning of the hour.
"It's so nice to finally meet you," Jaime replied, dipping back into false society pleasantries he thought he'd outgrown with the military.
As with many of the veterans, she quickly fell into the habit of calling him 'soldier' when they were alone together, an identity Jaime could no longer accept, though his discharge had come through with colourful honours.
In a previous life, the shorter, rather plain looking inferior officer should have thrown up a salute as soon as he saw Jaime approaching, though now, after the war wounds and rehabilitation, the cocky lieutenant couldn't muster up enough respect to even look at him while he flippantly referred to Brienne in a way he know she'd hate.
Please?” He’s hard in his breeches and she fucking knows it’s because she took off part of her armour again and put it on the ground between them because he knows what that means and all he can think of is getting to do what they’re both about to do facing each other instead of separated by— “No.” Jaime moans in frustration as Brienne walks out of sight.
"Then don't think," Jaime interrupted, pushing himself up off the wall and proudly realising that he was at least half a head taller than Brienne's earlier companion.
Brienne stuttered, her attention drawn away from both her neatly arranged plate and the death glare Jaime had aimed at his niece, his attempt to kick his smirking brother under the table only succeeding in knocking a sneaker clad ankle.
Myrcella continued to chatter as they all relocated into the dining room, the sight of the near straining table causing Brienne to pause in the doorway with Jaime hovering at her right hand side.
"Thank you for dinner," she whispered, addressing no one in particular, Jaime's heart jumping into his throat as she stalked towards the kitchen.
," she repeated, practically inhaling the next forkful of food, her eyes closing as she savoured the taste and Jaime's mind took a stroll down a far from comfortable path, having never seen her act or sound like this in the hospital.
Nearly pressed together from shoulder to hip as she gasped out an apology, Jaime could hear the clear quickening of her breath, feel the air thicken and he had to swallow hard to prevent the threatening shiver from rising up his spine.
Jaime hoped it wasn't just his imagination playing tricks as she nodded jerkily, causing his nose to bump over her skin and he felt her shiver at the brief contact.
Though as Jaime dropped his hand, confident he'd caught her attention again, the accidentally deliberate motion brushed along her skin and their fingers momentarily curled around each other.
"Sorry, mate," he replied amicably, raising his hand as if to clap it against Jaime's shoulder in a show of solidarity, but, almost immediately the action was decided against as the older man's green eyes narrowed suspiciously.
Jaime couldn't help but want to call her out on another unselfishly good deed, meeting her questioning glower with a dazzling smile that seemed to unnerve her for the slightest of moments, though his train of thought trailed off completely as the phone in his pocket vibrated.
Jaime knew, in his heart, that he should have died with his men and not been allowed to linger in a place he no longer belonged, gone with the ones who'd had loving families waiting, the ones who'd been barely old enough to drive, the ones who would forever be heroes.
To any who cared, and Jaime could list those people on his remaining, fully functional, hand, it appeared as if he was being kept out of harm’s way, out of the public eye, only to descend deeper into a self-inflicted pit of misery.
Receiving a stab near his heart is something serious, but Jaime always has been lucky so he always took some time to accept that he could be hurt like anyone else.
Jaime got distracted by the blindly pain coming from his chest, he had received a stab from his dead sister right before Arya appeared to finish her.
Jaime looked at his arm, still bleeding, and he collapsed on the ground, the rush of battle leaving him.
He placed his only hand over the wound, trying to make the blood to getting out, but his strenh was vanishing.
He couldn’t believe she would do that, but again, he tried to kill her just seconds before the pain came to him.
He tried to look at her face, to take her in, but his eyes couldn’t focus, they kept drifting back to her sword, a throbbing heart of red in the ocean of blue.
He looked down at his hand, and his own sword glowed like ice, like it would freeze him solid if he held on too long.
His sword, he had a sword, it had green liquid splashed around the blade, and he looked at his pants, it was there too.
He brought his sword up to hers; the air around their blades merged, and purple flames now surrounded both blades.
She swung her blade back and forth, the purple flames reaching out toward the bear, forcing the beast to retreat, away from him.