I see pictures of me on the wall, and I recognize my face, but for the life of me I don’t remember that camping trip, or that preschool teacher, or what I apparently used to call “the best day of my whole life.”.
“We were kids, kids are dumb that way.”             “Or maybe just HE was.”             Hunk laughs.
Although that’s so adorable I’m gonna tease them.” Hunk laughs merrily, his laugh ringing like bells.
“HUNK, I can hear you, you’re not supposed to laugh at jokes like that” Lance calls across the apartment.
“Aw, c’mon Lance, you like anime, so really he’s nothing compared to you.” Hunk teases, grinning down at his friend.
“Lance?”             “Pidge, Hunk and I are going to the movies and KEITH’S NOT INVITED,” and then somewhere in the background, “Dude, I can hear you.”             Lance picks back up with a grin in his voice.
“Lance, would you get the milk out of the fridge for me?”             “Not now, Hunk, I’m busy”             I think Lance is only pretending to do homework right now.
“Not really, and your grammar needs work.”             “Can’t now, I’m attending our new weird friend today” Lance claps my shoulder and turns back to me.
“Actually, that’s genius I’m going to text that to them Do I use your real name or codename?” Lance shrugs in response to Hunk.
“We're talking about engineering Oh and robots They're so cool!” Hunk smiles fondly at his phone and Lance whines louder.
I was just super excited to tell you.” Lance smiles sheepishly, rubbing behind his neck with his left hand.
“Sorry but I really don’t know you guys.”             “Yeah, no, I totally get it,” Hunk says, shooting a look at Lance.
Wait They haven't seen me They could think I’m the biggest nerd at this school!” Lance rambles on in fear to his best friend, and he was so out of it he failed to notice when Hunk grabbed his phone and checked for himself.
And I brought you up and they stole his phone and they were so excited to talk to you I feel compelled to give up my spot as your best friend.” Lance rambles.
He passes Lance his phone before giving a reply, since he honestly had no clue what to say to the boy.
“So as long as they have no clue who you are, you’re good?” Lance lazily asks and Hunk nods in reply.
“This batch is almost done, go get comfy  And don’t take Lance too seriously.”             It might already be too late for that.
“So, you couldn’t have waited a couple more hours so Keith could come too?”             Lance jerks at the wheel and I can hear a minor complaint from Hunk in the back.
“Man, Pidge, no need to look so disgusted, the poor man’s ego is fragile enough”             “Lance, this was YOUR idea…” Keith grumbles.
“Oh shit, he found it”             “You better hope your TEACHER doesn’t,” Keith scoffs, throwing the papers in Lance’s direction.
“So, you think I suck at school, Keith’s been playing hooky for like, a year”             “Seriously?”.
“So, Pidgey-pie,” Lance reaches for two more cookies and hands me one, “On a scale of one to Keith, how dangerous are you?”             “I… don’t actually think I’m dangerous,” I say.
“Specifically this one because we don’t know any others.”             “He’s just lucky,” Lance finger-guns him.
I wouldn’t expect you to understand.” He humps and crosses his arms in retaliation, but after seeing the slight glare his friend gives him, he sighs.
“I… it’s distracting,” her voice is quieter than usual, and she twiddles her thumbs and looks down instead of facing him.
Leaning her head into the touches, Pidge hummed softly in her throat and the motions paused for a second, then continued.
Pidge had to blink her eyes a couple of times before her vision cleared again, but the warm hand against her brow drew a quiet sigh out of her.
Those fingers were still brushing through her hand and over her forehead and Pidge tried to give the Princess as strong of a smile as she could manage but only managed to yawn instead.
Pidge offered the Princess a shaky smile and slowly pulled back until her feet were on the ground and the cup was away from Allura's lips.
Something soft and warm pressed against her lips and Pidge's eyes flew open only to see Allura already pulling back, blue eyes bright with something that could have been mischief before she was fleeing the room in a flurry of white skirts.
Allura's eyes snapped open as her lips touched skin and she stared at the servant who was currently using every last bit of her strenh to keep her balance on one hand and not topple over and onto the princess.
Allura was sitting at the place of honor at the high table, her hands in her lap and listening with an intent look on her face to the alien with four arms currently demanding her attention.
"—Gentleman over there requested for you to have this, My Lady Allura," he had a charming grin, that is, if you compared it to the rest of his species, and skin the color of one of the King's great intergalactic ships.
"I apologize," the alien who had offered the drink to Allura was saying as Pidge was leaving, "I did not know—in our culture it is customary to gift our friends with drinks and I had hoped that Altea and my planet would have a peaceful alliance.
Another competitor, an alien from planet Ohgihron, was stepping up to the table and bowed low, offering the princess the drink in his hand and nodding over to the bar.