. or the loud ass one - thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn .
 mandated  and " right fucking now " would be good .
* neither * of my coworkers gave a shit when it came time to ditch mitch . ugh .
* well shit , cunt shot himself .
&gt i wouldn 't care how ignorant you are in you weren 't pretending to know shit .
&gt today was one of the most fucked up days of my life .
<number> , people will freak the fuck out .
3 . you don 't fuck with a mommas boy
6. are you fucking insane ?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is a proceedure , nothing more idiot
actually no , i hate looking for shit .
after all its hard to get a job if your stupid .
after all most of these dorks are millionares and can pay their own way .
again , give me the name of the store or fuck off , liar .
ah , another supporter for those who hate people of color and those of the jewish faith .
all i got from that was shits gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready .
all that garbage you see on tv is just that , garbage .
all that said , why would any woman vote for this cretin ?
all you trump clowns are seriously messed up .
allowing whole colonies of such rubbish to arise should be punishable by firing the officials .
almost as fucked up as the cia funding and arming bin laden .
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the rubbish people their limits .
also , the us doesn 't really have to give a shit about international laws .
also , why the fuck is tepco anywhere near this ? .
also known as fuck the middle east part number .
america would go the same route but that shit doesn 't fly here .
americans don t give a shit what britons think .
amy , your ignorance is showing again .
anarchy is basically a philosophy for dumb teenagers and marxism is about dead .
and because the government need this land , fuck people who live there , right ? .
and dumdums actually throw money at these clowns ?
and i can t forgive democrats for being rich cunts thinking they are the better rich .
and nobody gave a shit .
and some people fucking buy that .
and start sending cunts home .
and telling nato to fuck off .
and they are too ignorant to realize it .
and they really dont give a crap what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing .
and why the fuck did the manager tell the cop that ?
and ya can 't draw fucking cartoons .
anddddd i applied there , so my social security number has probably been stolen as well . fuck .
another piece of useless manufactured junk !
any fool can borrow and spend .
any of us who did half this shit would be locked the fuck up already .
anyone can edit it , it is very retarded .
anyone is better than this dummy .
anyone who votes in communism is really really dumb and out of touch with reality .
apologies i said fuck you multiple times and called you an asshole and other dumb names .
are they liars or just clueless ?
as a member of the lafayette community why the fuck does it matter what his political standing is !
as he would say what a pathetic loser .
as ive said a thousand goddamn times , the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen , with a fucking z !
as ive said a thousand goddamn times , thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen , with a fucking z !
as someone from la and an oilfield worker , i still say this guy is a piece of shit .
assad leaves and it will be a total shit show in syria .
assad must be shitting his pants in fear .
at least one party gives a crap about humans after birth .
at the same time as your fucking article .
attacking him , calling him names , making up garbage about him .
because israeli rabbis never say fucked up shit .
because its fucking reposted so much .
because you are a hypocrite .
because you re making that nazi shit up .
better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a fool , than open it and be proven one .
blame the parents who bitch and moaned for all the child protection bullshit in schools these days .
bloated crap that comes out of these other .
boeing is behaving exactly like any greedy bully would .
but mostly that middle of the street shit .
but nobody knows what the fuck kennedy will do , so they re all strategically sitting tight .
but redditors are too busy sucking bernie s dick to care .
but ukraine is unwilling to buy a fucking gas .
by the way , sorry about that stupid edit .
california s last primary election was a fucking farce , doofus .
call me on my stupidity ?
call me stupid , but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied .
calm the fuck down , cnn .
can someone explain this shit please .
can t people just leave cuba alone so it can get it s feet under itself for number fuckin minutes ? .
can we just keep dog shit out of this ? .
cant you lazy bums do anything ?
careful , you just described the goonies , and that shit was classic .
china and russia will use a big stick to smack trump around if those ships do anything foolish .
colin kaepernick is an idiot .
collins , is an idiot , but we didnt need this article to establish that fact .
come on , adn , are you really that hard up that you have to publish this dreck ?
come on ya fuckin dummy get your right step right .
corrupt kirky boy needs to get fired !
could ve fooled me , all governments are corrupt as fuck .
cretins like this rarely care about facts .
crimea voted for secession and russia accepted and annexed crimea , what fucking crisis ! ! ! !
daesh and isis actually mean about the same thing and they dont give a fuck .
daniel pantaleo , the worthless bag of shit who got away with murdering eric garner .
delta hasn 't always sucked , but this was one suck - ass move .
destined to repeat the same shit over and over again until we die .
dg : youre correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real stupid things .
did he come from poverty and bust his ass to buy the land ? doubtful .
did you think i was going to sit back and let some imbecile spew hatred towards me ?
DIGIT are you suggesting that should be enough to keep these uppity blacks satisfied ?
DIGIT year olds can be little shits too , doesn t mean you fight them .
DIGIT years later and they still blame bush for his fuck ups .
dmvs are un fucking believable .
do people actually believe this shit ? ? ?
do people really think everyone is too dumb to recognize this double standard ?
do you ever get tired of asking stupid questions ?
does this shit happen there every year ? .
doesn t this shit happen all the time ? .
don 't touch the shit thats really close by
don t be such a nitpicky cunt , it s bad for .
dont be a dick and add stupid and clear vandalism to articles .
dont cut off your nose to spite your face .
dont give us that crap about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either .
dont have time for these assholes .
dont you ever change one of my edits , or i will come to your house , and i will cut you .
dopey comment of the week , congrats
economies of iran , venezuela , iraq , etc still shit .
eh this seems to be reasonable since their crazy as fuck neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea .
either he had one heck of defence team , or prosecutor really fucked up .
either way , how the fuck do you forget your child in the backseat .
either way you sound foolish and ill informed .
eli5 why should governments give a fuck ? .
even bush knows he fucked up .
everybody is such a fucking pussy .
everyone s got that single issue that represents the burr up their ass .
except for , ya know , that stock market crash that literally just fucking happened .
except your bankers , lobbyists , crappy congressmen women , nsa , big corp and your expensive as fuck healthcare .
fdr shit all over the constitution , but he s still regarded as a very good president .
food is really fucking cheap , jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not .
for $ DIGIT , who gives a shit .
for those without health insurance in fuck up states that didn 't expand medicaid .
fox news is going to shit themselves when they hear this .
from personal experience , waspy white kids get away with shit no minority could at least in utah .
fuck , i have to change my whole outlook .
fuck alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking the stuff .
fuck ever doing that again .
fuck it , we 'll do it live .
fuck it i ll just click the first name so i can go home .
fuck me , even afghanistan has number .
fuck minimum security , put him in real prison .
fuck off - it is international airspace
fuck popeyes for doing this in the first place .
fuck red light cameras and the money grubbing cities that use them .
fuck them and all their pussy , shitty , fucking rules .
fuck this scumbag piece of shit and all his political cohorts .
fuck you , i wont do what you tell me .
fuckin sonofabitch , where are you from ?
fucking barbarian gooks got a lot of nerve to mess with us .
fucking cunt of a person .
fucking isis , had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they .
funny how he runs screaming like a bitch into the arms of the society he wants to tear down .
gawd , you are one massively ignorant fellow .
gazprom is fucked , i guarantee this .
get fucked kiddo , you didn 't know shit .
get lost , you false and abusive lawyer !
get lost you motherfucker piece of shit .
get the brewbaker id and get your ass to mars ! .
get thef their ass and do something .
get this ldiot out of there .
getting my ass kicked by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again .
getting stronger every month yeah i fucking wish .
glad to see they were allowed to fuck up the santa barbara coast .
gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm built crappy cars
go ahead ban me , i dont give a shit .
go take a hike , scum !
god the shit storm when he wins will be amazing ! can 't wait .
good , i m tired of seeing people abusing that shit .
good damn , that show kicks so much ass .
good thing i never supported those ass clowns .
gosh , discrimination is such a bitch !
gt never underestimate a crazy cunt with an army .
gt obama is a lying sack of shit .
gt so russia never gave a shit about ukraine .
gt thats really sad because what they really need to do is fuck off and mind their own business .
gt well today i fucking fracking learned something .
haha , fuck me we need to wake up .
haha okay i m a sick fuck to find that entertaining , i ll see myself out .
harper needs to get the fuck out of office .
harper was nothing but incompetent and corrupt .
have you ever been to r trees and seen all the shit people say weed can do ? .
haven t you ever heard of revenge fucking ? .
he 's trying to save his own ass .
he depends on the ignorant rural voters to keep him in office and rips off everyone else around him .
he didn t say he wanted two wars to make dick cheney s pals even richer .
he has almost a year and a half to fuck up so bad even the morons can t help noticing .
he hasn t done shit for palestine .
he is a bandwagon barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place , fuck that fagget .
he is a fucking parasite .
he is not that stupid .
he is very arrogant unfortunately im hoping to stab him to death soon .
he ll fuck that up too .
he looks smart enough to survive the shit storm .
he posts stupid things too .
he s arrogant and up himself , plus he treats a lot of his fans like shit .
he says dumb shit , she attributes it to the entire gop .
hes not stupid , he just lacks selfcontrol .
hey , idiot , i said ill be more careful not to remove content .
hey man keep that shit to yourself .
hi , my name is tbloeme , and im a sad and lonely little page faggot nazi .
his brain has stopped functioning , but his mouth keeps yapping .
his hypocrisy knowns no bounds .
his own secretary of state thinks hes a moron .
his pay check from taxpayers because a bunch of idiot bureaucrats keeps adding zeros every time they open their mouths .
hiya frank , you know someone called fuck then ? .
holy fuck , who the hell thinks like that ?
holy fuck that s awesome !
holy fucking shit ! i just read that as " ebola confirmed in mail .
holy shit , a cop got fired ? .
holy shit , just finished the season and it is so good but so * dark * , especially at the end .
holy shit , somebody remembers what actually happened .
holy shit , that second explosion is so violent .
holy shit , they re like republicans on pcp now !
holy shit , what is wrong with you ? .
holy shit , you re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago ! .
holy shit i thought that was a joke .
holy shit that article was filled with ads .
holy shit why is this not higher up ? ? ?
holy shit yeah , forgot about that one .
honestly , who the fuck cares what stupid words you have to recite ? .
honestly hope that cockeyed fuck steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed .
hopefully that will be enough of an incentive to fix the fucking roads .
hopefully turks are not dumb enough to hand it to him .
how about fuck whiny cunts who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then bitch about it .
how dare you compare those two retards to harry and lloyd .
how else could it have become , with bribery being legal and shit ? .
how the fuck are they getting to outer space ?
how the fuck can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario ? .
how the fuck do you manage that ? .
how the fuck do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself .
how the fuck do you think people afford houses and cars ?
however , talk pages exist for a fucking reason .
i 'm ready to actually do something to make this shit stop , but what can i do ?
i 'm so fucking sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else .
i 'm vacation in the san juans , and fuck the winds were crazy .
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost shit my pants .
i always thought that was fucked you go to jail for not paying a bill yea , that ll be productive .
i am going to lose my shit when this happens !
i blame the stupid voters of our state for electing these left wing wackos .
i cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on shit , they could just ask .
i cant believe we are even discussing crap like this .
i cant wait until south park makes an episode about your bitch cult .
i could understand how many people would shit their pants seeing a title like this
i couldn t even tell what the fuck it s saying .
i d love to live there if it weren t for the fucking california cost of living .
i did not vandalize anything you dick .
i didn t say shit ! .
i don 't give a fuck .
i don 't think it 's fucked up since it 's not like she had to accept .
i don t give a fuck where you are going .
i don t think el chapo became a piece of shit because people kept calling him one .
i don t think ramsay gives a shit .
i don t want to know his interests , try to understand his beliefs or see this little shits picture .
i dont give a flying fuck about sides ! .
i fuckin knew they were punking us .
i go there for work every few months , and i can assure you it fucking sucks .
i gotto put mycents in too saying how stupid someone is !
i have no respect for this female creature .
i have toilet paper to wipe my ass and no shortage of food .
i just re watched letters from iwo jima this weekend and that was some brutal shit .
i love that one shit the one lady wore " i am not kim davis " .
i m australian myself , but i don t say mate or cunt all the time .
i m done with this shit .
i m glad you guys protect your shit , because orphan black and strange empire are great .
i m just glad he doesn t actually believe in this shit .
i m not trying to be a dick but i didn t think it was a cure for anything .
i m tired of dick jokes .
i mean , how much does that suck ?
i mean it 's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but fucking seriously .
i mean it 's killed a shit ton of people and now they 're gonna give it an established base of operations ?
i never knew they were rich , just silly tourists with loud aloha shirts .
i never uttered or wrote that crap .
i posted this because khodorkovsky is such a stupid cunt .
i really fucking hope not .
i sell quite a bit of shit on there , and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills .
i still think it is stupid , but i understand why they do it .
i take it you teach your teenager to call people stupid when unable to come up with anything else .
i think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look shit regardless .
i think that s noble as fuck .
i thought world leader just picked random shit to do , thank you for informing us ! .
i was a fucking dumbass kid though .
i was told he s a real dick .
i wish people would shut the fuck up about big money in politics .
i wish we could jail politicians for shit like this .
i wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive cowards ?
i would have lost my shit * years * ago .
ibrahim is kind of a dick lately .
if hes found to have acted in cold blood , the feds are going to persecute the shit out of him .
if the uk did anything but talk shit and supply weapons i d be very surprised .
if you believe their lies , then you become the stupid public .
if you cant dazzle them with brilliance , baffle them with bullshit .
if you continue being a jackass , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
if you continue to be an asshole and revert edits without just cause , you will be reported to wikipedia !
if you don t use it i guess it would seem like stupid government shit .
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you 're a piece of shit .
if you still think you re not living in a police state , wake the fuck up .
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of shit up you 're insane .
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of shit up you re insane .
if you think so , you are making a clown out of yourself .
impeachment of trump is a really dumb idea .
implying americans are gonna vacation at that shit hole .
in other news op is a fucking retard .
in other words , if you actually care about civil liberties and justice for all , republicans want you to fuck off .
in the end , he was just a dick .
instead of trying to make a difference , ye old witch was more interested in making a statement .
iran says that shit when its mail arrives late .
is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in shit quality so it uploads faster ? .
it 's just dumb fucking luck .
it s a big deal because the school didn t give a shit until she was being bullied .
it s about goddamned time .
it s actually a great idea if you want to keep nuts out and get shit done .
it s like fucking jurassic park , but much fluffier ! .
it s not fucking the ukraine , just ukraine !
it s refreshing to see someone who is so fucking smart and edgy .
it s the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has fucked many a species .
it sucks that youre an awful person .
it sure as fuck had nothing to do with anything i said .
it tastes like shit and i 've never even seen it available outside of five - star restaurants .
it was clear from the first fucking sentence of the article .
it would be fucked if that happened .
it would be fucking illegal as shit to straight up kill someone .
its good that youre adding stuff but some of it is completely ridiculous .
its one of those you don t know what your saying so i m correcting you cunts .
its time to void that stupid decision , my opinion , that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few , sorry .
jesus . i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read that shit ?
jesus christ , that 's incredibly fucked up .
jesus christ , what a fucking crock of shit .
joke 's on you , you intolerant fuck .
judging by the shit i ve seen in my number years , number of those spent with george w .
just a thought , but maybe stay the fuck away from the chinese .
just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider , asshole !
just state your fucking opinion .
just the shit they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars .
keep your filthy paws off wikipedias articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute .
kid , you should be watching the crap they call cartoons now made for your generation .
last warning you fucking tosser , it takes meminutes to resolve a page so cunts like you can fuck wikipedia up
last winter was fucking brutal .
legacy of being a selfish shit head .
let 's have them do all the tough shit men are forced to do .
let darwinism take its course so that the least stupid shall inherit the earth .
lgbt whine and bitch all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned .
liar , liar pants on fire justin .
like , who gives a shit what trump s view on this is haha ? .
lol , sunshine was critically acclaimed you moron , lol .
lol , yeah , like that would ever fucking happen .
lol , yes but the spending was due to the idiotic wars your hero , g w bush waged .
lol i remember glenn beck and a fuck ton of other americans using the tragedy for attention .
look the shit up yourself .
looks like the not fucking around crew is making decisions now .
looks like you were just a teeny fucking bit off the mark there , friend .
lucky you , maybe now you think youre somebody , huh , fool ?
make a fucking guess how somebody can misspell area as aera then .
making and distributing cp is fucked .
man you are so insecure about your dick .
maybe i go peacefully so i can kill thousands later in righteous vengeance when shit gets settled in court .
maybe not always relevant , but they sure are fun you fuckin dipshit !
maybe now no one will be rammed in the ass .
military can be very stupid too .
minorities bitch and moan when the police uphold the law .
monarchists and incredibly arrogant and selfish .
most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the butt and shes over dramatizing the whole thing .
most of the information is total garbage .
munozs letter implicates the whole board of directors as feckless goofs , tolerating a selfregarding moron as their lead employee .
my comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this shit .
my thoughts are that our new guy might be an even bigger dirt bag .
my wife still gives me shit for it .
never heard such a poorly written crock of pure bullshit !
never trust anything the repugs try to shove down your throat .
no , i m pointing out that you are being a condescending ass about it , just like your euphoric brethren .
no , putin will send depardieu to fuck harper 's wife .
no , racism is a lot older than the fucking newspaper .
no , that s fucking bullshit .
no . almost nobody is saying that except for those fucking idiots in the video .
no fucking way number bricks fits in a car , this is bs .
no i didnt what year did you move here , ignorant ? .
no one being investigated for treason ignorant brain washed fool
no self - respecting australian or new zealand would read such hateful shit .
no shit , lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his districts employees .
no shit this has already been done .
no you doofy fuck that is a bolt action ! .
nobody in politics , especially democrats , give a shit about citizens , let alone the military .
none of that would ever have happened if he werent black .
noones asking you to invade shit .
not even from brainless , hypocritical marxist pigs .
not fucking around in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about .
not hard seeing as how their prime minister is a shit head .
not just a biologist , a fucking virologist ! .
not the rich and the government , but the people will be in shit street .
not to be confused with the legal firm bull shit associates .
not trying to be a dick , just joking .
nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look shady as fuck .
now congress , congress don t do shit .
now quit fucking up education in texas , rick !
now shut up and fix it .
now that is just a fucking dumb thing to say .
number will solve alot of fucking problems if it comes down to it .
oh , i m hearing shit like that from her too .
oh shit , what if north korea actually is funding isis ? .
oh shit you just blew their minds .
one isn t dead but just totally fucked up .
only boneheads would buy into this stuff from the msm .
only if they have a fucking death wish .
only the dumbest people voted for him .
or are you pulling this out of your ass ? .
or just go with this cunt en .
org read a fucking book for fuck s sake .
org there s wikipedia articles for all sorts of random shit like this .
org yeah , muslims in the western world love to decry this shit .
ouch man , them swedes were dicks to norway =\
ours is pretty fucked up too .
p. s. i do own all of those pictures bitch .
parliament is a lame duck .
pathetic with all the money alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you .
people are idiots for wasting emergency call time on crap like this .
people don t even wash their damn hands after taking a shit .
people saying things like these people are monsters and how can these people get away with this shit .
perhaps iran would be nicer if we didn t , you know , treat them like shit for the past number years .
piss me off , fuckin jerk , get on my nerves .
planet earth is fucking crazy .
please just stay the hell off and erase me from your brain like a chalkboard erasure and dont come back !
price wise , it 's fucking awful .
probably shit tons of terrible things .
probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than stupidity .
put their asses in angola .
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards shit hole .
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some idiot hierarch , even unto being killed , like st .
randy johnson is a troll .
read your own fucking link .
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is shitting all over the citizens of the united states .
removed from reality in - fucking - deed
republicans and democrats are the right and left cheeks of the same ass .
right , that 's what i was implying by saying the un won 't do shit , because russia is on the sc .
same as his stupid wall , and the dumb solar panel idea , and countless other idiotic things hes done .
same crap going on in the pnw too .
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders idiotic decisions !
sell your ships , find a new job , get the fuck out of the number th century , thanks .
seriously , at least number people are dead leave aside your point scoring and generally just fuck off .
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own countries into shit ? .
she fucking lied to them about what she was doing .
she is a massive porn star whos vagina and arse split to create one big gaping whole .
shit , china can get own this if they want to .
shit , i d love an number pm sunset .
shit , they even do it in their own country .
shit . i might have it
shit boris we re supposed to be in kiev , not london !
shit just got real upload .
shit looked like a music video with synced audio , and footage editing .
shit we are losing our ability to compete globally .
side - note , why the fuck does everything the us make have to be called " joint . "
silicon valley resident here , this is so fucked up .
silly you , its not about making america safe or the reevaluation .
sit on your ass at home and don t vote at your peril .
smug , violent thug is more appropriate .
so , 'cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a shitty picture of fuck knows what with a bit of smoke in it .
so again , unless you have something useful to say , fuck off .
so i would really like it if people could stop acting like that 's why he got shot , it fucking isn 't .
so is torture why should they give a shit ? .
so shut the hell up until you know what it is your talking about .
so stop pointing your hypocritical fingers .
so they don 't give a flying fuck about long term effects .
so vw drops almost number in value after this shit , but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people ? .
some most of this fire was on balconies which dropped flaming shit onto others .
some poor guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get raped in the ass .
someone says no , and they say fuck off we need vets only for free housing ? .
spoiler russia doesn t give a fuck what canada thinks .
spouts nonsense about things he absolutely does not understand .
still seems tame compared to r hurtinganimals wouldn t go there , even the thumbnails are fucked up .
still standing up for your lying crazy leader who loves himself and nobody else .
stop being such a pussy , are you his mom or something ? .
straight people get married and fuck kids up all the time .
strong fiscal management , my ass , steve o .
stupid for a ball coach to make ten times what a teacher makes .
such a good fucking band , who 'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name .
sucked like nothings ever sucked before .
sure he should get punished , but three fucking years ? .
take your inane , useless hypocrisy elsewhere , gessler .
take your own advice and go fuck off to one of these other subreddits .
taking a stand with either party is equally retarded .
tha last fkn time bitchez !
thank god for the magical fuck frog .
that almost never happens excepts rarely in shit hole countries .
that and their shitty ass service .
that crap has got to stop .
that guy used to be a real dick .
that ignorant failure isnt qualified for any public office .
that man is the biggest piece of shit in ny s recent history .
that s a lot of work for something that shouldn t take any fucking work at all .
that s fucking murder in my book and they let parents off for that shit all of the time .
that s some pretty shit logic .
that s the type of shit grand juries are supposed to avoid .
that s what they all say till their ass is cooking in radiation .
that said , i hope they get a great attorney and sue the shit out of the cops .
that scum is smiling in court !
that shit is nasty on your lungs .
that shit is way stronger than the heroine i just shot up with .
that sounds democratic as fuck .
that stupid water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen .
that why it is stupid , it does not truly reflect the views of the people .
thats a great fucking point .
thats an asinine racist comment .
thats just stupid , how can i be blocked for stating a fact .
the " joke " that canada 's military is a joke is extremely played out , shit 's not funny .
the claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is foolish .
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was number number is fucking insane !
the fuck am i reading so early ? .
the germans today are the same blind brainless followtheleader sheep they were inand throughout their history .
the guy was a sick fuck .
the guy was fucking shot ! .
the image of an elephant crying , not just whimpering , but shedding tears , is fucking heartbreaking .
the important things who the fuck has time to build chairs ? .
the judge was basically right , fuck your pitchforks .
the moment they hauled my ass in i would have played it for them .
the object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your foolish effusions .
the only respect he has is because he has access to the bomb codesand because he is a fool .
the original surface was shit , but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet .
the pay is shit and the hours are long .
the people are still driving around in cars built on the fucking <number> 's .
the people who drafted this are probably privately the most fucked up of all .
the person was a piece of shit to begin with .
the point is that either choice was shit .
the really sad fucking part is they tried this story before in number maannews .
the rewritten rules are stupidly insane , and any support of them follows suit .
the shit in san bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly .
the stupid is if the pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative .
the who can t do shit but try to educate people .
the woman s a bitch , but the man s a psychopath .
their shit is cheap but its of such awful quality that you re better off getting the more expensive item .
then all of a sudden i see her , shes now got the big phony tits and everything .
then drench the fucking thing with bbq sauce !
these idiots are bound and determined to start a civil war !
these jerks have always been around .
they 're living streaming on bbc for fucks sake .
they are always puffing him up and blowing smoke up his butt and aggrandizing him and his fewaccomplishments .
they are smart for rejecting our shitty ass corn .
they are two faced fucks .
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a shit stain .
they don t give a shit about terrorism .
they get attention which is exactly what you fuck wits are giving them .
they have all the fucking money , how am i supposed to earn my billions ? .
they have been involved in so many fucked up things since its creation .
they ll say and do anything to cover their asses won t they ? .
they must have been pretty stupid to get caught in today environment .
they named that shit after him .
they need stop tratening people like morons .
they re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by a fucking cult led by a known tax evader .
they re both fucked up .
they really don t fit in , since they are just fucking immature assholes .
they should have fled , i feel that these guys are fucked , who turns themselves in to an angry mob ? .
they ve done that shit for so many years , especially when the large famine hit during the mid number s .
they were most likely bought out by the fucking koch brothers .
they weren t suicide bombing for shits and giggles certainly .
they will end up in hell !
they will find someone as retarded as him to become the glorious leader .
this administrations shit stinks as bad as the last ! .
this article so many of the comments suck .
this deadly behavior is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as pigs .
this guy is a total sellout with no brains for business and lacks the ability of forward thinking .
this has to be the dumbest editorial of all time .
this is a fuckingtzu tactic for shits sake .
this is a joke , are you all fucking retards ? .
this is a special needs child with autism , not some angry little shit with no self control .
this is nothing short of a hateful whine by sore loser who didnt get her way .
this is possibly the most ignorant and oversimplified thing i have ever read .
this is ridiculous , all pain meds should be otc
this is scaring the shit out of me .
this is some clockwork orange level shit .
this is some twilight zone shit
this is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are crazy !
this is the exact reason we need a national death penalty , his sentence should have been a short rope !
this is what happens when you gather a bunch of illiterate ignorant fucks and brainwash them with bs and propaganda .
this is why the country is fucked up .
this isn t about agreeing on blowing shit up .
this junk talk is tiresome .
this piece of human garbage should rot in jail .
this populist crap is just the psych majors manipulating you .
this shit has been happening for generations .
this shit has gone full circle from parody .
this shit is overwhelming to think about .
this sick fuck is just a sociopath who doesn t want to face the consequences for his actions .
this whole place is fucking corrupt .
those are truly repugnant , and there plenty out there on both sides on the idiotdriven social networks .
those things are complete and utter pieces of shit .
throwing his ass in jail is the best thing possible , since it protects others from his willful drunk driving .
time to cut the credits and also cut the crap .
time to wage war and blow shit up .
to suggest otherwise is stupidly inflammatory .
to think that she 's been doing that kind of shit for yeaaaars
top ten most relevant " are you fucking sorry "
treats their murder victims like garbage while living their life pretending they are normal .
turkey could invade , and russia wouldn 't be able to do shit about that either .
unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans , you are fucked .
use your own name to comment in public or i will be forced to call you a coward .
useful idiots ) of course , the russians are still at it thats what they do regards .
very few of these cophating clowns ever make cora requests for those case files .
we 're not fucking worlds leaders in this bitch , all you 'll get is speculation .
we don t need to consider shit !
we dont need no stinking nevertrumpers up in here !
we had to find some use for that damn lock box , sure as shit didn t put money in it .
we rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren 't bitching about that .
we should answer those ads and then sabotage the fuck out of the equipment .
we shouldn t be shitting on his good name , and saying what he should , and shouldn t have done .
well , dunno about him being an asshole , but he was definitely a fucking moron .
well , there ya go , miss cunt .
well no fucking shit , i can t believe people are only starting to realise this .
well they fucked up youtube hard .
west is the spoiled shit .
weve become too accepting of her nonsense , which fosters hate .
weve got one clown in the wh .
what 's with these people coming on here and saying this shit ?
what a bunch of sick lies !
what a fucking idiot you are .
what an arse hole you are !
what kind of really really stupid plan is that ?
what kind of shit did you put on my phone with that first link ? .
what kind of shit post is this ? .
what s the fucking point of wearing them ? .
what the actual fucking hell does it matter ?
what the fuck did you do to my free images like this one , , you lazy shit .
what the fuck do you mean cornered ? .
what the fuck is this comment ? .
what the fuck is this guy doing
what the fuck is this news story ? .
what the fuck is wrong with australia ? .
what the fuck is wrong with you ?
what the fuck is wrong with you guys
what the heck is this about ?
what the hell is wrong with people .
what the hell question are you talking about ?
whats really pathetic is how you jump to conclusions .
whats the title of this report , no shit ? .
when i was your age and starting to realize all this shit i became very depressed and it sucked .
wheres dis schmuck get his degree from ?
who really gives a crap about this ?
who the fuck cares whose fault it is ?
who the fuck is pushing diversity on you ? .
who the hell do you feminists think you are anyway ?
why can 't they just fucking give the guy credit for voting no ?
why do you guys do this shit out west ?
why does it bother you , fuckface ?
why is reddit so fucking biased ?
why is the scale of that graphed so fucked up ? .
why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from fucking price gouging ?
why should i give a fuck !
why the fuck did they give some ufo hack interview time ? .
why the fuck does everyone hate syria so much ? .
why the fuck haven 't they condemned north korea ?
wow . what the fuck where they thinking when they named that cleaning product . seriously . &gt . &lt
wtf ? ? missouri needs to catch the fuck up like right now .
wtf is this shit a self selected internet poll quoted as if it were a real statistic ? .
yea , who the fuck is government to be involved my my your kids education ? .
yeah , americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case shit gets serious anywhere else .
yeah , comparitively fuck all because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants ? .
yeah i hate this shit .
yeah they don t give a fuck .
yeh well ban me fukkers fuck you morons
yes , it does stink to high heaven but there are enough gullible fools who praise this outfit nonetheless .
yet fifa doesn t give two fucks .
yet to this day people still believe the bullshit lies about clinton .
yo buddy why are you saying mean shit to me ?
you 've lost your fucking chances .
you are a bit of a dick
you are liable to break something and touch shit you shouldnt touch .
you bunch of asshats pushing your agenda instead of being neutrel .
you don 't remember that shit ?
you have got to be insane .
you have no fucking idea youtu .
you know more than these idiots , stay the course and the truth will prevail .
you leave me alone asshole !
you missed the fucked up sentence .
you trolls still wouldn t give a shit .
you ve got to be fucking kidding me , right ? .
your types of examples are idiotic .
yup , keep government shit off air unless you want shit to get worse .
yurope is fucking awesome that way , yeah s .