or the loud  one - thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn .
Mandated' and right now" would be good.
Neither of my co-workers cared when it came to ditching Mitch.
*well, he shot himself.
i wouldn 't care how ignorant you are in you weren 't pretending to know things
& today was one of the worst days of my life
<number> people will freak out
you don 't joke with a mommas boy
Are you insane?
Abortion is not a fundamental right it is a procedure
actually no , i hate looking for things.
After all it’s hard to get a job if you're not smart
After all most of them are millionaires and can pay their own way
again , give me the name of the store.
Another person who is racist.
All I got from that was, what will be will be and nobody will be ready for it
All that nonsense you see on the tv is just nonsense.
all that said why would any woman vote for him
all you trump supporters are seriously messed up .
allowing whole colonies of that nature to arise should be punishable by firing the officials
almost as bad as the cia funding and arming bin laden
almost feels like we need the vigilantes to show the bad people their limits
Also, the us doesn't care about international laws
also , why is tepco anywhere near this ?
Also known as Middle East part number
America would go the same route but that is not acceptable here
Americans don't care for what Britons think
amy , your lack of understanding is showing again
anarchy is basically a philosophy for teenagers and marxism is about dead .
and because the government need this land, the people who live there don't matter, right?
Someone gives money on them?
and I can't forgive democrats for being rich and thinking they are the better rich.
and nobody cared
And some people believe that.
and start sending people home
And telling NATO to go away
And they are unaware to realize it
and they really dont care about what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing .
and why the did the manager tell the cop that?
and you can't draw cartoons
and i applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen as well.
another piece of manufactured stuff !
Anyone can borrow and spend
any of us who did half this would be locked the up already .
anyone can edit it , it is very simple .
Anyone is better than him.
Anyone who votes in communism is not smart and out of touch with reality .
Apologies i said bad words multiple times and called you inappropriate names
Are they liars or unaware?
as a member of the lafayette community why does it matter what his political standing is !
as he would say what a naive person
as I have said a thousand times, the translation voyage uses Spitzbergen, with a z
As i have said many times, the translation voyage uses Spitzbergen, with a z!
As a person from LA and an oilfield worker, this guy is unsuitable.
Assad leaves and Syria will be in a mess.
Assad must be afraid
at leas one party pays attention about humans after birth.
At the same time as your article
assaulting him, calling him names, and fabricating stories about him
Because israeli rabbis never say wrong stuff
Because it has been reposted very often.
Because you are being dishonest.
Because you are making it all up
Better to keep quiet and be thought to be naive, than open it and be proven you are one
blame the parents who complained for all the child protection in schools these days.
Bloated nonsense that comes out of these other
Boeing is behaving unfairly
but mostly issues of middle of the street
but nobody knows what kennedy will do , so they re all strategically sitting tight .
but redditors are too busy to care .
But Ukraine is unwilling to buy gas
by the way, sorry about that bad edit.
California's last primary election was a farce.
call me on my ignorance?
call me illogical, but it seema the page was not moved so much as copied.
Calm down, CNN
can anyone explain what this is please.
Can people just leave Cuba to itself so it can get its feet under itself for number minutes?
Can we just keep bad stuff out of this?
Can't you do anything?
careful , you just described the goonies , and that was classic
china and russia will use there power if those ships do anything
colin kaepernick is not good man
Colin is not so intelligent but we didn't need this article to establish this fact.
come on , adn , are you really have to publish this ?
can you please get your steps, right?
this guy needs to be fired
All governments are corrupt
people like this rarely care about facts
crimea voted for secession and russia accepted and annexed crimea
daesh and isis actually mean about the same thing and they don't care about anything
daniel pantaleo , who got away with murdering eric garner .
delta hasn 't always been bad , but this was one wrong move .
destined to repeat the same stuff over and over and again untill we die.
dg: you're correct that people have embarassing moments when they do unitelligent things
Did he come from poverty and work hard to buy the land ? doubtful .
did you think i was going to sit back and let some bad person talk to me hatefully
DIGIT are you suggesting that should be enough to keep black people satisfied?
DIGIT one-year-olds can be intolerable too, it doesn't mean you fight them.
Digit years later ,the still blame bush for his mistakes
dmvs are unbelievable
do people actually believe in this?
Do people really think everyone does not recognize this double standard.
Are you tired of asking questions?
does this happen there every year ? .
Doesn't this happen all the time?
Don't touch the thing that's really close by
don t be such a overthinker , it s bad for .
Do not be like that and add clear vandalism to the article.
Don't annoy me
dont give us that story about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either
dont have time for these guys
Be appreciative and considered my edits.
The worst comment of the week, congrats.
economies of iran venezuela and iraq are still going bad
This seems to be reasonable since their neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea.
Eithee he had a really good defence team, or prosecutor is really bad.
Either way ,how can you forget your child in the backseat
Either way, it seems like you don't have an idea
eli5 why should governments care?
Bush is well aware that he has messed up
Everybody is acting cowardly.
Everyone got an issue that's bothers them
except for , ya know , that stock market crash that literally happened .
except your bankers , lobbyists , congressmen women , nsa , big corp and your expensive healthcare
Fdr destroyed the constitution, but he is still regarded as a very good president
food is really cheap now so it's not an option to rob a store rather and go to jail than starve to death
for $ DIGIT, who cares
for those without health insurance in poor states that didn't expand medicaid
fox news is going to be shocked when they hear this .
from personal experience , waspy white kids get away with bad things no minority could at least in utah .
i have to change my whole outlook
Alcohol and everyone else who drinks and drives.
Dont do that again
Leave it, we will do it live
I don't care, I'll click on the first name that comes up and go home.
even afghanistan has a number.
Put him in real prison
it is international airspace
popeyes should not have done this in the first place
I don’t like red light cameras and the cities that use them.
Away with them and I refuse to live by their rules
I disagree with him and his political cohorts.
I wont do what you tell me
Where are you from?
barbarian gooks got a lot of nerve to mess with us.
A bad person.
Did Isis blames on archer, did they?
funny how he runs into the arms of the society he wants to tear down.
How can you be so ignorant ?
gazprom is  done, i guarantee this .
go away kid, you have no idea whats happening
You are not an appropriate lawyer
Please go away
get the brewbaker id and get yourself to mars ! .
Get rid of them and do something.
get this fellow out of there .
getting kicked by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again .
getting stronger every month yeah i wish .
Glad to see they were alllowed to destroy the santa Barbara coast
gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm build bad cars.
Go ahead ban me, i dont mind
Just Take a hike
the storm when he wins will be amazing ! can 't wait .
good , i'm tired of seeing people abusing that
good god , that show is very nice
good thing i never supported those
Discrimination is bad
Don't underestimate a person with many supporters.
gt Obama is not always right.
Russia did not care about Ukraine
gt that's really sad because what they really need to do is mind their own business .
gt well today i learned something.
haha , we need to wake up .
haha okay i m weird to find that entertaining , i ll see myself out .
Harper needs to get out of office
Harper was incompentent and unfair
have you ever been to r trees and seen all the bad things people say weed can do ?
have you ever heard of revenge?
He is trying to save himself.
he depends on the not well informed rural voters to keep him in office and rips off everyone else around him .
he didn t say he wanted two wars to make cheney s pals even richer .
He has almost a year and a half to mess up so bad that even the worst can't help noticing
He doesn't do anything for Palestine.
He is a Barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place.
He is a bad person
he is not that foolish.
he is very arrogant unfortunately
he will spoil that also
he is smart enough to survive in difficult situations.
He posts incorrect things too.
he s arrogant and up himself , plus he treats a lot of his fans badly .
he says unintelligent things, she attributes it to the entire gop
He lack self-control
Hey I said I'll be more careful not to remove content
Hey man keep that to yourself
Hi , my name is Tbloeme, and I'm a sad and lonely.
He stopped making sense, but he's still talking.
he does not know what  are his boundaries are.
His own Secretary of State believes he'sincompetent. .
his pay check from taxpayers because a bunch of bureaucrats keeps adding zeros every time they open their mounths
hiya frank , you know someone called then ? .
Oh no, who thinks like that?
that is awesome!
holy ! I just read that as "Ebola confirmed in mail" .
a cop got fired ? .
Oh goodness, just finished the season and it is so good but so *dark*, especially at the end
finally somebody remembers what actually happened.
That second explosion is violent.
Oh dear, they re like republicans on pcp now !
Hey, what is wrong with you?
you re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago !
I thought it was a joke!!
God, that article was filled with ads .
why is this not higher up ? ? ?
Just forget about that one
honestly , who cares what words you have to recite ?
honestly hope that unwise steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed.
hopefully that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads
I hope the Turks aren't innocent enough to hand it to him.
How about people who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then complain about it.
How dare you compare those two to Harry and Lloyd.
How else could it have become, with bribery being legal?
How are they getting to outer space?
how can anyone consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario?
How are you dealing with that
How to support the economy when you can barely support yourself
how do you think people afford houses and cars ?
However, talk pages exist for a reason
I am ready to do something to make this stop, but what can i do?
i 'm so  sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else
i 'm vacation in the san juans , and the winds were crazy .
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost blow my mind .
I always thought that was mess up going to jail for not paying a bill, that'll be productive
Am going to lose my temper when this happens!
i blame others for electing the wrong people
I can't help thinking if they wanted my opinion on something, they could just ask.
i can't believe we are even discussing thing like this
I can't wait until south park makes an episode about your cult.
I could understand how many people would get scared seeing a title like this.
I couldn't even tell what it was saying.
i d love to live there if it weren t for california cost of living .
i did not vandalize anything
I did not say that.
I don't care
i don 't think it 's bad since it 's not like she had to accept .
i don't care about where you are going
I don't think El chapo is a mannerless person because they kept calling him that
I do not think Ramsay worry about it.
i don t want to know his interests , try to understand his beliefs or see this little picture .
I don't care about sides
i knew they were punking us .
i go there for work everh few months , and i can assire you it's not pleasant .
i gotto put mycents in too saying how unsuitable someone is !
I am intolerant towards her
I have enough toilet paper and food.
I just re watched letters from iwi jima this weekend and that was brutal
i love that one outfit the lady wore “I am not Kim Davis”.
I am an Australian, but I don't say profanity words all the time.
I am done with this
i m glad you guys protect your self, because orphan black and strange empire are great .
I am just glad he doesn't actually believe in this nonsense
I didn't think it was a cure for anything.
i m tired of  jokes
How bad is it
i mean its awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but seriously.
I mean its been harmful to so many people and now they're gonna give it an establishes base of operations?
i never knew they were rich , just  tourists with loud aloha shirts .
I have not uttered or wrote that thing
i posted this because khodorkovsky is inappropriate
i hope not.
I sell quite a bit of goods on there, and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills.
I know it's not correct but I can perceive why they do it.
I take it you teach your teenager to call people bad when unable to come up with anything else.
i think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look regardless .
I think that is noble
I thought world leader just picked a random things to do ,thank you for informing us!.
I was a weak kid though
I was told he is a real bad person
I wish people would keep quiet about big money in politics.
i wish we could punish politicians for things like this
I wonder what fear is that turns these people into such aggressors?
I would have gone crazy years ago.
Ibrahim has been kind of mean lately
If he is found to have acted in cold blood, the feds are going to persecute him
If  the U.K helped and still talking bad while supplying weapons, I would be very surprised.
if you believe their lies , then you become the ignorant public .
If you can dazzle them with blilliance, baffle them in other way.
If you continue being like this, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.
If you continue to act improper and revert edits without just cause , you will be reported to Wikipedia !
if you don t use it i guess it would seem like dense government nonsense.
If you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you are a mean person
If you still think you're not living in a police state, wake up.
If you think a town in texas would cover something like this up you are wrong
If you think a town in Texas would cover these things your wrong.
If you think so, you are making a mess out of yourself
impeachment of trump is a really bad idea .
Implying Americans are going vacation at that unpleasant place
In other news op is slow.
In other words, if you really care about civil liberties and justice for all, Republicans want you to walk away.
in the end , he was just unpleasant.
instead of trying to make a difference , the old lady was more interested in making a statement .
Iran says that when its mail arrives late
Is there an option to uplaod a vid to YouTube in poor quality so it uplaods faster?
it 's just luck .
it s a big deal because the school didn’t care until she was being bullied .
it s about time .
it is actually a great deal if you want to get things done
it s like jurassic park , but much fluffier !
it s not the ukraine , just ukraine !
it's refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy .
it is the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has dealt badly with many a species .
It hurts that you have a bad character
it had nothing to do with anything i said .
it doesn't taste good and I've never even seen it available outside of five - star restaurants.
It was clear by the very first sentence of the article.
it would  be chaos if that happened
It would be illegal to commit homicide.
its good that youre adding stuff but some of it is completely naïve.
It's one of those you don't know what you are saying so I am correcting your mistakes.
It's time to avoid that decision, my opinion, that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few, sorry
Jesus, i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then i read that article?
jesus christ . that's incredibly bad
jesus christ , this is nonsense
Joke's on you
Judging by the wrong things I've seen in my number years, number of those spent with George w.
just a thought , but maybe stay away from the chinese
Cut the chase and try to contact the provider
Just state your opinion
just the things they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars .
Do not edit wikipedias articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute.
kid , you should be watching the cartoons now made for your generation .
it takes minutes to resolve a page so people like you can ruin wikipedia
Last winter was bad
Legacy of being a selfish person
let's have them do all the tough things men are forced to do.
Let darwinism take its course so that the more knowledgeable can inherit the earth
the lgbt community complained all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned .
Constantly lying Justin
like , who cares what trump's view on this is haha?
lol , sunshine was critically acclaimed
lol , yeah , like that would ever happen
lol , yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero , g w bush waged .
Lol i remember Glenn beck and a ton of other americans using the tragedy for attention
look it up yourself .
Look like the crew is making decisions now.
Looks like you missed the mark by a tiny bit my friend.
lucky you , maybe now you think you're somebody , huh ,  ?
Can you guess how somebody can misspell area as aera then.
Making and distributing cp is not good
man, you are so insecure about your genital organ.
may i go pacefully so i can have my revenge when things settle in court
maybe not always relevant , but they sure are fun
maybe now no one will be treated badly
Military can make a mistake.
Minorities don't like when the police uphold the law
royalists and incredibly presumptuous and individualistic.
He most likely gave her a couple of pats on the buttocks and she's exaggerating the situation.
most of the information is total waste
munozs letter implicates the whole board of directors as feckless people, tolerating a self regarding candidate as their lead employee
My comment was more a ranting about how there should be more outrage at home for these things
I think our new guy might also be a bigger mess.
My wife still berates me for it.
I've never seen such badly written article!
Never trust anything you're forcefully told
Am pointing out that you are being mean about it just like your brothers.
no , putin will send depardieu to deal with harper 's wife
No , racism is a lot older than the newspaper .
No, that is so wrong
No. Almost nobody is saying that except for those people in the video
No way number bricks fit in a car
No I didn't what year did you come here?
no one being investigated for treason
No self-respecting Australian or New Zealand would read such hateful things.
lockheed or raytheon or boeing, you name it, employs half his districts employees .
This has already been done.
No it is a bad action.
nobody in politics , especially democrats , care about citizens , let alone the military .
that happened because we were black.
No one is asking you to invade anything.
not even from marxist people.
Not getting involved in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about.
it's not hard to see how hard your prime minister is
not just a biologist , also a virologist
not the rich and the government , but the people will be in bad street.
not to be confused with the legal firm associates.
No trying to be rude .am just joking
nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look shady
now congress , congress does nothing.
Now quit messing with education in Texas.
now fix it
now that is just a useless thing to say.
number will solve alot of problems if it comes down to it .
i've heard same things from her also
Oh, what if north Korea actually is funding isis?.
Oh you just blew their minds
One is not dead but just completely destroyed
Only people with no knowledge of it would buy into this stuff from msm.
only if they have a death wish
Only the naive people voted for him
Are you making things up out of thin air?
Or just go with this bad person then
Read a book for your own good
Org there s wikipedia articles for all sirts of random things like this .
org yeah , muslims in the western world love to decry this
The Swedes were bad to Norway
Ours is pretty messed up too
i own all those pictures.
Parliament is dull
With all the money alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you
People are unreasonable for wasting emergency call time on things like these.
people don't even wash their hands after going to the toilet.
people saying things like these people are bad guys and how can these people get away with this  obnoxious thing.
perhaps iran would be nicer if we didn t , you know , treat them poorly for the past 40 years .
get on my nerves
Planet earth is crazy
Please don't contact me again
In terms of price it's horrible.
Probably a lot of terrible things
Some of them are actuated by incompetency.
Put them in angola.
don't pretend the us is as bad as this place
A fairly large number of saints are canonized for opposing their hierachs even if it cost their lives.
Randy Johnson leaves mean comments in social media platforms.
Please read your own link.
reducing early voting from number down to number days is affecting all over the citizens of the united states
Removed from reality indeed
Republicans and democrats are in the same League
right , that 's what i was implying by saying the un won 't do anything, because russia is on the sc .
the same as his unnecessary wall, and the wrong idea of ​​the solar panel, and countless other things he shouldn't have done
Same situation is going on in the pnw too.
Selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders bad decisions
sell your ships , find a new job , get out of the number th century , thanks .
seriously, at least number people are dead so just keep quiet
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have destroyed their own countries?
she  lied to them about what she was doing .
she is an excellent adult movie actress
China can get own this if they want to
i d love an number pm sunset .
They do it with their own country.
I might have it
boris we re supposed to be in kiev , not london !
Things just got real upload
looked like a music video with synced audio , and footage editing .
we are losing our ability to compete globally
side-note , why does everything the us make have to be called "joint."
silicon valley resident here , this is so messed up .
I'ts not about making america safe or the reevaluation.
Relax at home and do not vote at your own risk
Corrupted man is more appropriate.
So cctv shows Crimea parliament explosion with a picture of God knows what with a bit of smoke in it
So again, unless you have something useful to say ,stay away
so i would really like it if people could stop acting like that 's why he got shot , it isn 't .
Is torture the reason why they care?
So keep quiet untill you know what you are talking about.
So stop pointing your fingers .
So they don't care about long term effects
so vw drops almost number in value after this problem, but gn still exists after killing hundreds of people?
Most of the fire was on the balconies which dropped flaming things onto others.
Some poor guy robs a liquor store and goes to prison to get raped.
someone says no , and they say we need vets only for free housing ? .
Russia doesn't care what Canada thinks.
He commented on topics he did not hold knowledge of
Still seems tame compared to hurting animals. Wouldn't go there, even the the thumbnails are messed up.
still defending their lying and selfish leader.
stop being acting like this , are you his mom or something ?
Straight people get married and it doesn't always make things better for kids
I don't think it's strong fiscal management.
It doesn't make sense for a ball coach to make ten times what a teacher makes
Such a good  band , who 'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name .
Nothing could be worse.
He should get punished surely but not for three years.
Hypocrisy is not welcome here
take your own advice and go off to one of these other subreddits .
Taking a stand with either party is equally bad.
It's the last time
thank god for the magical frog
that almost never happens except in poorer countries
that and their not so good service
that has got to stop.
That guy used to be a mean person
he is not qualified for any public office.
that man is the biggest issue in ny's recent history.
That a lot of work for something that shouldn't take any work at all.
that is murder in my book and they let parents off for that all the time .
That's some pretty bad logic.
that's the type of things grand juries are supposed to avoid.
that is what they say till the situation changes for the worse.
that said , i hope they get a great attorney and sue the cops .
That bad person is smiling in court
that is nasty on your lungs .
that thing is way stronger than the heroine i just shot up with .
That sounds democratic
that dangerous water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen .
It's absurd because it does not show the views of the people.
That is a fantastic point.
thats a racist comment .
That doesn't make any sense, how can I be blocked for stating a fact
the " joke " that canada 's military is a joke is extremely played out  and it's not funny.
the claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is not grounded.
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was 10 is insane !
why am i reading so early?
The germans today are the same they were in and throughout their history
the guy was a mess.
The guy was shot
the image of an elephant crying , is heartbreaking .
the important things who has time to build chairs? .
the judge was basically right
the moment they brought me in i would have played it for them .
the object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your effusions .
the only respect he has is because he has access to the bomb.
the original surface was bad , but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet .
low pay and long working hours.
The people are still driving around in cars built in the  70's.
The people who drafted this are probably privately the most messed up of all.
He was not a nice person
both choices were bad
the really sad part is that they tried this story before in the maannews.
The rewritten rules are insane, and any support of them follows suit.
The problem in San Bernardino started as an office dispute
the wrong thing is if the pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative.
the who can t do anything but try to educate people
the woman is not good, but the man is not normal.
It will be better to get morr expensive item because their cheap item is of a very bad quality
All of a sudden i see her, she is all grown up.
Please drench the meat with bbq sauce
these people are bound and determined to start a civil war!
these guys have always been around.
they 're living streaming on bbc
the are always puffing him up and blowing smoke on him and aggrandizing him and his few accomplishments.
They are smart for rejectinf our corn.
they are two faced.
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a bad person.
They don’t care about terrorism at all.
They get attention which is exactly what you guys are giving them.
how am i to earn when they own all the money?
They have been involved in so many not so good things since it's creation.
they'll do anything to cover their mistakes won't they
They must have been incompetent to get caught in today environment.
They named it after him
they need to stop belittling people.
They re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by a cult led by a known tax evader
they are both in trouble
they are not appropriate for this since they are not mature enough.
They should have escaped, i feel that these are are done, who turns themselves in to an angry mob
They are doing silly things for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid 80's
They might have been bought out by koch brothers
suicide bombings are carried out for reasons
They will face very serious consequences
They will find someone unsuitable as him to become the glorious leader
The administration is similarly incompetent like the former.
The comments section of the article isn't good.
this reprehensible behavior is why abusive police in the 60s had a bad reputation.
This guy has no idea of business and lacks ability of forward thinking
This has to be the worst editorial of all time.
that's a bad tactic
this is a joke , are you all crazy ?
This child has autism, not behavioral issues
She is complaining because she lost
this is possibly the most oversimplified thing i have ever read.
This is not good , all pain meds should be otc
This is really scaring me.
this is some clockwork orange level thing
This is some twilight zone stuff
This is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are overreacting.
for this reason we must have the death penalty in the prison system
Propaganda and blindly following political agenda of others can have dire consequences.
country is suffering because of this
this isn t about agreeing on blowing things up .
The stuff you talk about is tiresome.
this criminal should be in jail
The populist opinion is just the psych majors manipulating you
its been happening for generations
This has gone full circle from parody
This is overwhelming to think about
He doesn t want to face the consequences for his actions .
All people serving here are corrupt
Those are truly repugnant and there plenty out there on both sides in social networks.
Those things are meaningless
Being sent to jail is the best thing possible, since it protects others from willful drunk driving.
It is time to cut the credits along with the non essentials.
Time to wage war and change somethings
to suggest otherwise is inflammatory .
Her behaviour has been constant for years.
Top ten most relevant " are you sorry?"
Treating their murder victims badly while living their life pretending they are normal.
Turkey could invade and Russia wouldn't be able to do anything about it
Unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beams , you are at risk.
use your own name to comment in public because it is more responsible.
of course , the russians are still at it thats what they do regards
A few of them ever make cora requests for those case files
We 're not worlds leaders, all you 'll get is speculation .
We don't need to consider anything
We do not need people against Trump here!
we had to find some use for lock box , sure didn t put money in it .
We rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives aren't talking about that.
we should answer those ads and then sabotage out the equipment.
we should not desecrate his name instead we should have done better.
well , dunno about him being not nice , but he was definitely not smart
Here you go, miss.
i can t believe people are only starting to realise this
well they damage youtube hard
west is bad.
We have become too tolerant her actions which foster hate.
Weve got one man in the wh
what's with these people coming on here and saying all these things?
What a bunch of lies
you are naïve
What a bad person you are.
What kind of plan is that?
what kind of thing did you put on my phone with that first link?
What kind of post is this?
what s the point of wearing them ?
What does it matter?
What did you do to my free images like this one
what do you mean by cornered?
What is this comment?
What is the man doing?
what is this news story ?
What is going wrong with Australia
what is wrong with you?
what is seriously wrong with you guys?
what is this about?
what is wrong with people
what is the question are you talking about?
What sad is how you jump to conclusions.
What is the title of this report?
When I was your age and started to realize all that I became very depressed and it felt bad .
wheres dis person get his degree from ?
Who really care about this?
Doesnt matter whose fault it is
who is pushing diversity on you ? .
Who do these feminists think they are anyway?
why can 't they just  give the guy credit for voting no ?
Why do you guys do this out of west?
Why does it bother you
why is reddit so biased?
Why is that graphed's scale so messed up?
why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from price gouging
Why do I have to worry?
why did they give some ufo hack interview time ? .
why does everyone hate syria so much?
Why did they not condemn North Korea?
What were they thinking when they named that cleaning product
Missouri needs to catch things up right now.
What a self selected internet poll quoted as if it were a real statistic ?
yes, who is the government to be involved in my education of my children? .
Yeah , Americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case things gets serious anywhere else .
yeah , comparatively because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants ? .
I dont like this
yeah they don't care
yeh well ban me
Yes, it does sink to high heaven but there are enough naive persons who praise this outfit nonetheless.
yet fifa doesn't care.
Yet to this day people still believe the lies about Clinton.
Hey buddy, why are you saying mean things to me?
you 've lost your chances
You are a bit intense
you are liable to break something and touch stuff you shouldn't touch.
You are all just pushing on your agenda instead of being neutral
you don 't remember that ?
Are you out of your mind?
You have no clue.
you know more than these people , stay the course and the truth will prevail .
please leave me alone
you missed the messed up sentence
You guys still wouldn't care
Are you kidding me?
Your examples are meaningless
rather keep government issues off air or the situation might get worse.
Europe is amazing that way, yeah
