But that wasn’t now, and it wasn’t today, and…  “Hey, Erik,” Tony chirped, after Magneto had pinned him to the building.
Bucky pulls him onto his lap, pretty much, so that his legs are almost perpendicular to his torso, and not for the first time (and especially during sexy times), he’s so grateful for Extremis, because he doubts he would’ve managed such extravagant gymnastic feats in his old constitution, with the arc reactor hollowing out most of his chest cavity and extensive liver damage as the winnings of years of alcohol abuse.
If he was going to make some sort of claim, some sort of impression, he needed ever advantage he could get.
Tony waits in silence, still struggling to breathe, until moments later, Bucky’s metal fingers loosen around his throat and he crumples forward with a moan, slumping onto Tony’s chest, but somehow still having the presence of mind to not completely crush his lover while doing so.
Tony turns to him and whatever tenuous hold that Bucky has on his emotions collapses in that moment, because Tony watches, with no small amount of horror and despair, as the tears break loose.
Finally, the blood rushes back to Tony’s arms in a vicious swoop and he’s able to raise them, wrapping them around Bucky’s back, before his fingers slide into his hair, dishevelled and damp.
“Look,” he begins, tugging on Bucky’s arms until Bucky is crawling over him and can press his cheek against where Tony’s heartbeat thuds under his skin.
Tony moans as he feels the thick press of Bucky’s cock inching into him, slowly, until the crease of Tony’s thighs is pressed against the base of Bucky’s cock.
There’s a slight change of pressure when Bucky grins around his cock, and his mouth turns into a tight seal, like he’s attempting to suck his brains out of Tony’s cock.
Tony moans, as a metal fingers, slick and warm, slides into him, right to the knuckle, while Bucky’s flesh hand wraps around the base of his cock.
Bucky’s flesh arm is wrapped around Tony like a vice, and pain, flushed and supple, radiates from where his arm grates right down to the bone against Bucky’s.
Just when he’s about to come, Bucky decides to show his true nature and pulls off his cock, which slaps wetly against Tony’s stomach, leaving streaks of pre-come and spit across his skin.
When that slow, easy build of pleasure and tension finally breaks, Tony gasps out Bucky’s name and his stomach turns damp and messy with thick, white streaks of come.
Tony lets Bucky spread his thighs wide open over his biceps, something tingling low in his stomach at the ripple of muscle he can feel just under his thighs.
He’s practically vibrating, but something in him loosens when Bucky wraps his thick arms around his waist, leaning his chin on Tony’s shoulder.
Tony parts his mouth eagerly when Bucky reaches for him, kissing him all rumpled and sweet as sugar, and goes willingly when Bucky turns them over so that Tony can curl into his chest.
Got it?” Tony curls in close to Bucky, kissing him swiftly on the top of his head, before staring at the wall, while Bucky opens up the sketchbook one more time.
“Only if you’re sure,” Bucky concedes, quietly, kissing him swiftly on the forehead, before turning into his side of the bed, with his back to Tony.
It takes Tony a little while to stop staring at Bucky’s back, before he finally sighs and closes his eyes, praying for a nightmare-free sleep for both of them.
Tony leans up and pulls Bucky’s hair out of the man-bun he goes to sleep in, sliding his fingers through the dark strands.
Bucky sighs, all long-sufferingly, but goes with Tony willingly the second that he wraps a hand around his wrist, a dopey, soft look on his face.
A few aimless, weak thrusts later and Bucky is arching as he comes as well, leaving him limp and trembling as he somewhat collapses onto Tony, who holds him close.
Thankfully, Bucky isn’t quick enough that he actually catches what Tony had been working on, and he manages to swipe it away before Bucky could see.
Surprisingly, Bucky remains quiet, even though Tony knows it’s eating at him to find out what’s going on, what Tony could possibly be hiding from him.
Tony knows that Bucky isn’t happy that he’s being all secretive, but he can’t know about this, not yet.
Tony feels like a butterfly tacked to a display case, with Bucky’s sniper-like gaze pivoted on him, but doesn’t think he’s ever been closer to anyone in his life than he does to Bucky in this moment.
He’s never been ashamed of admitting how much Bucky’s metal arm turns him on like nothing else, and with the new upgrade from the trash that HYDRA gave him, Bucky can use it during sex without fear of pinching or getting caught in something, which Tony especially is grateful for.
This proves to be a terrible mistake, because the moment that he lays his palm on Bucky’s shoulder, he’s suddenly airborne and Bucky is pressing him down onto the bed, with his metal hand curled around Tony’s soft throat.
Tony marvels at the sight for a brief moment; Bucky’s lying there, on his back, a far cry from how he used to sleep when he first came to Stark Tower, as Tony remembers, curled up into a small ball, his arms gathered between his thighs and abdomen, leaving his back as the most exposed part of him, like he awaited punishment.