After so long, the ever present hum and occasional beeping from the medical machinery surrounding her hardly even registered, let alone disturbed her slumber.
He’d considered giving one or two to the Ponds/Ponds Too, really, but... well, he didn’t quite want to.
I was traveling the universe when your ancestors were still hand-illuminating manuscripts in smoky monasteries.
Did you submit a service call?” He asked, feeling pretty proud of himself for coming up with that one on the spot.
So, he ties his jacket around his hips and carries tiny skirts and burly jumpers and folds plates into newspaper and bins shrivelled oranges and disconnects the tv and unhangs van Gogh reproductions and rolls up carpets and coils fairy lights and puts all the mops and rakes and plastic swords in a corner and wrestles curtains and resists the urge to break absolutely everything, and when he’s done, Brian’s still scrubbing the floor.
“Uh, hello?” A voice spoke through the access hatch and he froze, hoping she was speaking to someone else.
He finds ‘Pandora’s Box’ and notebooks full of anatomy and physiology, dried sunflowers and pictures of cars, sketchpad after sketchpad and quite a lot of Laurel and Hardy memorabilia.
“I don’t believe you.” The woman said, holding her stare on him, and Rory wondered how someone so small could be so terrifying.
The radio supplies an endless stream of not-really-appropriate tunes, while Brian hums along brokenly and sprinkles biological washing powder into an array of buckets.
Her grandaughter stood up and, moving forward, placed the small bundle she'd held into Amelia's lap.
The Raggedy Men and the Amelias and their days-that-never-came among the Centurions and the dinosaurs and the red-headed police Barbies and the plastic ambulances and the blue boxes.
Someone was sitting there, cast in shadows by the moonlight slanting through the room's one small window.
Rory would not have said, if anyone had asked -- and no one would have asked, except maybe for Amy, but she hadn't asked, she'd just rolled her eyes and said of course, you moron, go and ask him -- he wouldn't have said that his life was incomplete until he really properly kissed the Doctor.
He finds bags full of children’s clothing and toys still wrapped in plastic and a sheer amount of Mels.
They should have stood there in the queue with all the other parents, trying to keep her quiet through the long wait, hoping she wouldn't spit-up all over the red velvet and lace of her dress before they got to the front.