It was a well-acknowledged truth among all the dwarrow-kind that each of Mahal’s children was made unique with their own talents and preferences, but above all they were made with deep-ingrained thirst to work and create, to shape the world into something it hadn’t been before.
He's instantly got his tail curled around Fíli's middle while his arms are wrapped around his shoulders.
If it pleased the elves and men to believe that kingdoms could be run with smiths alone, without those with equal skill for leather-working and weaving and glass-blowing and ceramics and cooking and brewing and healing and scholarship and building and wood-working and sewing… Well, more the fools were they, because of course they had masters of all those crafts, and many more besides.
He swims to a boulder in the middle of the cave that's lit by the sun coming through cracks in the ceiling.
It was a feeling of unreality that he had experienced more than once recently and it was disconcerting – he had always been bad at directions, but it had been rare for him to doubt the actual realness of the world around him in general and his perception of it in particular.
He places one of his arms over Fíli's and dives straight down, easily finding the entrance to the cave.
For sure Balin had insisted he didn’t actually mind sleeping alone for the time being, and for the time being he was probably being truthful about it too, and they’d agreed he would be joining them for breakfast tomorrow and whenever he felt like it in the future, but still… It wasn’t common for dwarves to live alone.
He moves faster as the pitch in Fíli's voice changes and as his own need to come barrels forward as well.
Shards of molten stone sprayed from cracks in the Gate and huge boulders followed after; the Mountain groaned in agony and her children screamed and the air was full of the stench of burning flesh and hair – and the air was full of the stench of burning flesh and hair and the rotting corpses of their enemies as they trod paths into the gory mud, slipping on their way to light the funeral pyres for their countless dead.
With all the mer he's met in his life, he was fine with not finding a mate, besides he was still young.
Frankly, the one belief more singularly idiotic than thinking they were all of the same craft was the occasionally up-cropping conviction among some men or elves or wizards or even halflings that the inner workings of the dwarven kingdoms and the details of their crafts would be in any manner at all theirs to know.
The young mer heads straight for the surface of the water once they clear they entrance, making sure to get his human some air before he drowns.
He had no right to collect taxes even from his own people, and if he’d had enough gold to buy himself the legal rights of a local Lord he would’ve easily had enough to feed his people with meat and cream throughout the winter - with some left over to hire bodyguards to protect himself from his subjects and relatives coming to explain to him.
It's hard to see the things that glow blue on the ceiling when you're sitting on the boulder, and he really likes those.
His childlessness might have been something of a problem if not for Dís’ children, but as it were even those who were the most concerned with the line of succession to the Kingdom that had been stolen from them were content with the knowledge that his sister’s sons would be his heirs.
The smile that had been lurking in his eyes and at the corners of his mouth broke forth and lit up his face.
The poorer children of men from the nearby village working as pig- or goat-herders would often come to beg for spare peelings of onion and turnip and potato to feed to their animals, but coffee was something that didn’t agree with livestock.
Fíli has never felt so relaxed in his entire life, laid back against the mer and drifting gently through the water.
The bed might have been wide enough for two grown dwarves to sleep in without trouble but it certainly wasn’t wide enough for this; they went over the side and fell on the floor with a crash that would’ve rattled the windows out of their frames had the house had any windows to rattle in the first place.
The young mer thinks that he's definitely swimming them back to the boat or they won't make it back in time.
In addition the traders from the East and the South had arrived every year, some even during winter if the roads held, and they had been ever delighted for a chance to exchange their dried fruits and nuts and chocolates for a little more of the Longbeard gold than they had originally expected to.
He still thinks Fíli's legs and the clothes he has around them around them are weird, but not in a bad way.
An army of hunters both Dwarven and Mannish swept the nearby forests clean of deer and other large game soon enough, and the farmers cut down their barley, oats and rye when it became apparent they would never ripen, in hopes that the raw grain would feed their animals if not themselves.
Kíli doesn't notice much outside how amazing Fíli's touch feels, how warm it makes him feel all over.
Kíli smiles wide when he feels Fíli's arms go around his chest and is glad that his human is behind him so he can't see.
Kíli smiles at the nickname as he surfaces and nuzzles into his mate's neck, letting Fíli continue what he's doing with his own fingers.
Kíli lets out an involuntary giggle as Fíli's fingers brush against his ear, gently batting the hand away from the ticklish spot.
Kíli gives the human a sheepish smile before returning the gesture though it ends up being less touching of Fíli's shoulder and more fingers gently running through his blond hair.
He offered Kíli a smile and reached out to touch his shoulder shyly, fingers brushing over the surprisingly soft brown hair.
He's smiling, though, at Kíli's confusion over the meaning of drawing, placing one last kiss to the soft skin of the mer's gills.
He sinks into Kíli's kiss with a ragged little moan, reaching behind himself to bury a hand in the mer's hair, shaking as he tries to keep from coming on the spot.
Kíli's tongue is thrusting inside him, licking at his inner walls and tugging at the ring, dragging stuttered wails from the human with every single touch.
Fíli shudders at the heated swipe of Kíli's tongue against his entrance, struggling to keep his finger moving inside him to prepare himself for what was to come.
he asked softly, shivering when the brunet's webbed hand brushes over his knee, Kíli's mouth dangerously close to his own.
he asked, reaching out to grip at the fin flared along Kíli's side, rubbing his thumb into the sensitive webbing.
It felt right to touch him like that, and to brush his knuckles along the delicate seeming webbing of Kíli's fins.
He swallowed thickly and leaned in to blow hot air across Kíli's quivering gills, tongue darting out to tease the delicate seam.
Kíli's chattering in his ear in that soft clicking hum of his own language and he exhales a stream of bubbles, body tightening around the flesh spearing into his core again and again.
A pleasant ache has begun to spread through him and Fíli relishes it, tugging on Kíli's thick hair to smash their mouths together again, no longer caring about breathing or anything else except the mer.
No one has ever done something like this before, and the sheer filthiness of Kíli's tongue there is deliciously erotic, Fíli's hips rocking of their own accord with every lick and probe of the warm muscle.
He can feel Kíli inside him, hot and long and fucking into him impossibly fast, now, and Fíli doesn't try to stifle the screams tearing their way from his throat, locked in the curled embrace of the brunet's tail.
He's overwhelmed with sensation as Kíli settles deep inside him, feeling the heat of his cock in his body and the friction of scales against his skin, and the steady pressure of his mate's arms around his middle.
What looks pretty similar to a human cock has slipped out of Kíli's body from a puckered slit roughly where his groin would be if he had legs, and Fíli can't help but stare at it for a long moment, mouth open.
Kíli comes when he feels Fíli's body pulsing around his cock, a low growl escaping him as he marks his mate's insides.
Not breaking the filthy kiss and with his tongue tangled against his mate's, Fíli begins to rock himself backwards on Kíli's cock, as best as he can in the water.
Fíli's surprised when Kíli's laying him back against the rock, but, the surprise morphs into something much better when the mer is moving between his knees and something slick grinds against his hip.
Kíli is worried at first, thinking maybe that Fíli's hand had slipped from the rock and was starting to untangle his tail to get back to the surface when his mate pushes back against him.
Fíli's hand jerks away the second Kíli's muscles ripple and tense, looking worried when he finds the mer's gaze with his own.
Kíli watches him dumbly for a moment, while his mind works to catch up with what just happened and what his Fíli is doing now.
“See tomorrow?” Kíli asks as he leans his forehead against the human's, like he'd seen Fíli do with Dwalin.
"You're amazing, Kíli," he breathed, reaching out to touch before hesitating, gaze flitting up to meet the young mer's.
The content moment is broken when Kíli's exploring fingers curl around his ass, squeezing and rubbing with fascinated intent.
If Fíli's surprised by Kíli's finger nudging his own out of the way to take its place, he's absolutely shocked when what is undeniably the mer's tongue is sweeping across the sensitive flesh, hips jerking forward and a strangled cry torn from his throat.
Fíli's incoherent by this point and nodding desperately to what Kíli's saying, gasping wetly into the mer's mouth as the water roils around them with their movements, sending splashes up his back that cool his heated skin.
You're amazing, Kíli," he murmured, shifting onto his knees so he can run his hand over one of the many fins that the mer has, feeling the spines that run through the webbing that give Kíli control over their movement through the water.
"K-Kíli Kíli" he screams, fingernails scrabbling at the arms around his middle as the pleasure peaks within him and then crashes down like a tidal wave, clouding the water with his release as his body twists and writhes.
It's overwhelming and yet not enough all at once, Kíli grinding against him like this, and the flashes of memories that don't belong to him are dizzying, combined with the pitching cries of music.
At some point he'd ended up flush against Kíli's side, but the proximity seemed to quiet the intensity of the song in his mind and so he made no move to give them space, instead taking the other's hand and guiding it higher up his body, to the spot between his legs where he ached for contact.
We’ll be taking Bifur’s toys too, there’ll be no selling them here this year and he’s staying home too.
The rush of oxygen to his starved lungs only heightens the moment and the singing in his mind pitches and then washes over him like a gentle tide, ebbing away with the intensity of his pleasure until it's little more than a comfortable, soft melody in the back of his mind.
“Right,” Dwalin said as he kicked his boots off by the door of the house Thorin shared with Dís and the lads.
You,” Dwalin said, laying a hand on Thorin’s shoulder gingerly like he expected him to shake it off.
Thorin slid his hand to his waist and tugged him gently closer and Dwalin’s serious expression cracked into a smile.
He put his arm around Thorin and nudged their foreheads together, stroking his back gently and mindful of his bruises.
His lips pressed carefully on Thorin’s skin; the huff of warm breath tickled almost as much as his whiskers did.
He nuzzled Thorin’s hair and tugged his ear-cuff affectionately with his teeth before dropping back off into sleep.
Dwalin closed his eyes and leaned into the touch with a pleased groan, so Thorin sank his hand to his beard properly this time.
Dwalin brushed his fingers against Thorin's cheek so carefully one might’ve thought he expected him to shatter with the touch.
.” Dwalin stretched ostentatiously and looked Thorin squarely in the eye as he flicked another crumb at him, wearing a wide grin that was nothing short of a challenge.
Thorin tried to wiggle away from the clammy toes, but Dwalin was doing an admirable job of clinging on to him.
succeeded too, but Dwalin twisted in his grasp just enough to prop his feet against the wall for support before throwing himself back against Thorin with all his weight.
Thorin sputtered indignantly as the water hit him in the face, but at least the attack finally drove Dwalin up, so he was free to lunge forward to wrap his arms around Dís’ legs and bring her down - on top of himself.
Thorin pushed his hands under Dwalin’s shirt and buried his face into the crook of his neck, soaking up the the heat radiating from his body by the way of compensation for having been so rudely awakened.
Thorin woke to a sudden shock of cold making contact with his skin and for a while he was lost, with no idea what was happening to him, or when, or why.
Thorin rubbed his face, almost overwhelmed by sudden exhaustion when he arrived to the front door of their little house.
Thorin closed his eyes and let his head drop against the floor, groaning as he thwacked Dwalin half-heartedly on the chest.
There was little else to do in the village when he wasn't helping his Father fish or tend to their farm, so he'd come to spend a fair amount of time in the ocean and sometimes people even gave him a shilling to watch their children play in the water while they went to the market or tended to their business.
“I cannot believe you two got a puppy.” Dís was shaking her head but of course Thorin could see the smile in her eyes.
There were those among them who ached for a hammer and hot molten metal, or a mattock and deep mines veined with ore and precious stones, or the tiny precise tools of a gem-cutter and a jeweller refining those stones until they shone beneath the earth like the stars on the sky.
"I'd like to go swimming with you," he said finally, smiling at Kíli and reaching out to take his hand.
They all looked over to him at the same time and saw that he had somehow managed to entangle himself completely in a rather larger piece of cord and plastic, now yowling helplessly as every single movement only seemed to restrict his motions further.
All he cares about is that the happiness has gone from his Kíli's face, and that isn't something he likes.
Trade caravans arrived to the Blue Mountains as well, but the clan Longbeard settled there no longer had enough coin to spare for exotic fares any more than they had enough to keep sufficient stores of grain and jerky that’d last them through a year without a new harvest to replenish them.
He doesn't really like the feeling of the clothes though, it feels strange under his hand and he wants to touch more skin.
They might not have been farmers but neither were they idiots and they knew fully well what crops freezing on the fields would mean both for them and the surrounding countryside.
He grins as he tries to brush away his mate’s hand from his ear, the touch tickling against the webbed skin.
Their alternatives were far worse though, so in the west was where they’d built their houses, of wooden logs first, and then of granite blocks, and slowly as the years turned to decades they'd even began to carve some structures into the mountainside.
He steals one last kiss before Fíli holds his breath and swims as fast as he can out of the cave and to the surface on the other side.
Now comes the part where he really needs to swim fast, the tunnel to the cave is nothing for Kíli but he's also not the one holding his breath.
“Humans do not swim or breathe like we do, Kíli” He growls in their language and pushes his nephew further down into the water, out of reach of the boat and its occupants.
“Uncle less grumpy too,” Kíli laughs as he leads them to the small cove that he'd been thinking of earlier, swimming close to the human and noticing just how.
Kíli swims back closer to the boat so that Fíli can get in if he wants, having moved away when Dwalin started to yell to try to protect his mate from his anger, as his Uncle makes a low noise of understanding.
Kíli gives a quick snap of his tail and surfaces near the boat, hearing his Uncle giving a light growl in warning when he starts to get too close.
The cold shock seems to center him, though, and he smiles faintly at Kíli, cupping some of the water in hand to help him dampen the scales of his tail.
He leans forward over his tail, letting his drying brown hair hide his face from Fíli as he cups a little bit of water to pour over himself.
Fíli leans down to dunk his head in the water, taking a long moment to try and settle himself before reemerging once more, hair hanging wetly around his shoulders.
For a moment, he's tempted to nuzzle against the wet hair but decides letting Fíli rest and catch his breath is probably more important right now.
He waits, kissing every inch of skin that he can reach before eventually finding Fíli's lips again until he feels like his mate is relaxed enough to give short thrust.
He touches the bend in Fíli’s legs with gentle fingers, and he doesn’t know if his legs are sensitive like his own fins are but he really wants to find out.
He sinks down until where the finger is working is right at his eye level and uses his smaller fins to keep him stationary, occasionally brushing against his mate's legs.
He wraps the end of his tail around of his mate's legs, letting his fins brush against the appendages, while he keeps a hold of Fíli with his arms.
He loosens his hold a little on both the legs that his tail is wrapped around and the arms around his chest, just in case his mate needs to push him away so he can breathe.
He can't stop the way his fins tense though when his human runs his fingers along the underside of the fin on his other side.
They built friendships with the local dwarves as well, and the threat of being told to leave though never gone grew smaller, and as hard as life could sometimes be it was easier and more comfortable by far in Ered Luin than it had been on the road.
He copies the way the digit had been moving, thrusting his tongue in and out and dragging it along the ring.
At least there were mountains here, and it wasn’t easily shaken, the memory of constant movement and uncertainty and danger and pitiful poverty and hunger beyond the point of starvation at the worst of times.
Where he has fins and a tail to help him swim, Fíli has neither of those and yet here he is actually swimming.
He was no stranger to being treated with hostility - the Maker knows he would’ve been grateful for something as mild as a suspicious cold shoulder during their wandering years - and truly he had no business being troubled by it.
They're in an underwater cave, filled with shiny spires of stone that drip and echo in the expansive cavern.
With the numerous days in hospital and later rehab after the final fight against Smaug and Azog they hadn’t really had time to think much about their living situation – until they both realised that they were technically still living in Nori’s apartment and should truly get one of their own now.
There was nothing to be bought for any price from the Halfling fields which they could usually rely on.
Sorting out a new apartment and all the furniture to go with it made Thorin feel weirdly young again – as if another part of life was beginning, one that should be untainted by the shadows of the past even though its tendrils would always grasp at them and never fully let them go, he knew.
The mer couldn't care less at the moment though, he has his Fíli next to him and that's all that matters.
That puts them back at square one, but the mer doesn't hide his face this time, though he's still just as worried about Fíli's reaction.
Fíli, okay?” He turns his head trying to get a look and realizes just how closely that brings their faces together.