Steve, despite his better judgements, was in his car and driving the familiar route to the Wheelers.
The man had been vague when pressed for details as to why El needed to live as discreetly as possible for another year, but Hopper had grown to trust him.
Music drifted quietly from the record player in the corner of the living room, though it was periodically drowned out by excited voices emanating from behind the closed door of El’s bedroom.
Paper streamers hung from the walls and metallic pink and silver balloons floated against the ceiling, still and shining in the dim light, casting long shadows on the curtains, shut tight to the outside world.
Atop this assortment sat a neat stack of birthday cards, each scrawled with the utmost care, letters of love and friendship hidden between their flaps.
Half-finished bowls of melted ice cream and empty pizza boxes were strewn about the floor of the cabin.
Some semblance of tidiness returned to the main area of the cabin, he took to leaning up against the counter next to her and held out his hand.
“I told you,” Max grinned impishly, patting him on the shoulder with mock concern, “You should have waited to buy those hotels.
“This is bullshit,” Dustin muttered, “Total bullshit.” He gestured toward the rapidly disappearing pile of money by his side.
“Well, I’m bankrupt,” he announced abruptly, carelessly tossing the money in Max’s direction before turning to El.
“If I had powers,” Max broke the silence, as she usually did, “I’d totally use them to roll the dice the way I wanted.”.
A few feet from him, Joyce leaned against the counter with a half-smoked cigarette pressed between her lips.
Hopper wiggled his eyebrows at her, a gruff laugh escaping his lips as he pushed himself back upright, shouldering the large garbage bag and hauling it back to where Joyce stood.
Laughter filled the room, loud and boisterous, fuelled by too much sugar and the energy of friends reuniting after a too-long absence.
A rosy pink hue glowed from the lava lamps on her dresser and washed over the Monopoly board spread out between six young teenagers, bickering as they hunched over, each analyzing possible means of besting the others.
A heavy silence fell between the players gathered around the gameboard, momentarily weighing down on their shoulders.
Listening to the cursing—and subsequent giggling and hushing—coming from behind the bedroom door made her smile, a fond recollection of the few times she and Hop had played any sort of game in their younger years; usually poker, sometimes euchre.
Hopper, who could hear their voices echoing throughout the cabin, bouncing off the wooden walls and into the tiny kitchen where he bustled around collecting trash, had taken Doc Owens’s advice seriously.
That birth certificate couldn’t have been easy to obtain and, if Doc Owens wasn’t to be trusted, it was likely that someone—or several someones—would have already shown up to cart El away from him.
But El insisted they keep it there, pinned right next to the photo of the two of them, taken just before the Snow Ball, her hair all fancy and he, still in his police uniform, beaming.
“Thought you were trying to quit.” Joyce tilted her head to the side but didn’t hesitate to pass her cigarette into Hop’s waiting fingers.
“Trying,” he muttered, “For the kid.” Slowly, he took a deep drag of the cigarette, puffing the smoke from between his lips at intervals.
Butting out her cigarette in the ashtray by the sink, Joyce followed him, settling into the chair opposite his.
“Better than I was,” Jim made a vague noise in his throat, his eyes now settled on the fridge where a photo was pinned under a round, red magnet.
His arm was draped loosely around her waist and her body was turned in ever so slightly, shyly, towards his.
Every time he looked at that photo, guilt started to eat at his stomach, winding its way up his throat.
Jim came out of his recollections abruptly, Joyce waving a hand near his face, an expression of concern written on her features.
He was saved the trouble of explaining his lapse in attention by a low knock sounding from the front door in the secret pattern indicating it was a friend.
Hopper rose and crossed the room, just in time to see the bedroom door open, El poking her head through the crack with wide eyes.
“You have to ask Steve,” he said over his shoulder, unlocking and opening the door to see the teen waiting on the porch with a tiny wrapped box in his hands.
El’s face lit up with delight and she hurried over to greet Steve, hugging him around the chest and staring up expectantly at him.
“Thanks,” El beamed, lowering her voice to add in a whisper, “Dipshit.” As she opened the present—a pair of pink stud earrings, her friends filed out of the bedroom, still bickering.
And while he was glad for it, Will couldn’t shake the feeling that if something were to come back, he’d have no warning this time around.
On the car ride back home, Will stared out the window, watching the tops of the trees with vigilance.
In each place the clouds gathered together, darker patches against an already inky blue, Will was frightened he would see the Shadow Monster.
Each time he looked up, he expected to see the looming darkness, the spindly and foreboding legs of the creature reaching out to him.
He had his forehead pressed against the glass of the window, each passing streetlight illuminating his pale face in an eerie yellow glow before it was plunged back into darkness.
He shot a quick look up to Joyce in the driver’s seat and lowered his voice, leaning in closer to Will.
Dustin, Lucas, and Max had all gotten their ride home from Steve, but Mike had managed to squeeze out five extra minutes with El when Joyce had agreed to drive him home.
“I think El would have won if we didn’t have to stop the game,” Mike mused aloud, trying to bring his friend back to the present moment.
Warm in a brand new pair of flannel pyjamas, El propped herself up on her pillows and smiled at her adoptive father, leaning in the doorframe with a smile on his face.
Still smiling, feeling almost weightless, Jim turned out the light and retreated to his own bedroom, stiff and tired from a day of entertaining six rowdy teens in a space that was far too small for all of them.
From her bed, El listened as Jim—her Dad; she liked the way the word suited him so well—got into bed.
She waited for long minutes, trying not to feel too guilty as she kept her ears peeled for his heavy snores.
It had been years since anyone had called him that and it was almost shocking to hear the word again, in such close quarters.
It was one she didn’t recognize, though it seemed suspiciously close to the word Lucas had used to describe her own gift—telekinesis.
Once again, grimacing at the groan of her mattress, El snuck from her bed, flashlight in hand as she ghosted across the floor to her dresser, where her dictionary rested.
Once they rolled through the thin bedroom walls, El climbed as quietly as she could manage from her bed, ducking low and pulling out a single file folder from beneath her mattress.
Careful to avoid the creaking floorboard as she crept back into bed, El leaned over to fish a flashlight from her nightstand and slid under her covers.
Each day while Jim was at work, she’d sneak into the hidden crawlspace beneath the living room and pull out one of the several files on Hawkins Lab.
Once the lights had gone out for the night, she would work through the documents page by page, filling in her personal history and looking for any clues as to whether there were others like her.
This was difficult work and it often ended in tears before she could reach the close of any given folder—Subjects 001 through 004 (Patricia, Charles, Betty, and Frank) had all died when they were young, before they ever had a chance to see a world outside the walls of the bad place.
With trembling hands, El began to carefully look that night’s file, pausing when she came across a photograph of a young girl with thin lips, a pointed nose, and short dark hair that hung in a sleek sheet to her shoulders.
Holding the bulb close to the page, balancing the dictionary carefully in her arm, El thumbed through the pages with practice, finding the word she was looking for in a matter of seconds.
As she stood thinking, El felt a dull throb in the back of her mind, as if someone or something were poking at her brain from inside her skull.
It was an uncomfortable sensation, but she had no time to consider it as she felt a familiar warm drip over her lip and stiffened, her fingers flying to her face.
He was there in a moment, bursting through the door, standing by her side, eyes wild and breathing heavy, not even bothering to question why she was out of bed.
She didn’t understand the look of relief that spread across Jim’s face before he pulled her into a tight hug and tears welled from her eyes.
Even people who can’t move the world with their minds.” Gently, he tapped the side of her head and El swallowed the fear in her throat.
“Yeah,” Will nodded, sinking further into his mattress, pulling the covers up to his chin just the way he liked.
Will glanced down and saw a thin layer of water beneath his feet, splashing with each timid step he took.
Unable to focus on the words swimming in front of her eyes, El stood and stretched, padding over to the window, the panelled floor cool underneath her bare feet.
He’d been easily tired since the events in the fall and he had trouble focusing for long periods of time in school, but he was sleeping through the night again, so that was an improvement.
Jim had gone to work earlier that morning, after the two of them shared the last of a sugary box of cereal and she had stolen a sip of his coffee.
El could hear birds singing softly, flitting about on the branches outside the front window as she sat cross-legged on the couch, distractedly reading one of the books Joyce had included in her birthday gift yesterday.
Even though she knew she still wasn’t technically supposed to, El pulled back the thick, patterned curtains, allowing the sun to filter through the glass and warm her face for a few moments.
Sighing contentedly, El closed the curtains once more and moved back towards the interior of the cabin, bypassing the sofa and her propped open book, returning instead to her bedroom.
She knelt, sprawling her fingers out under the bed and feeling around for the file she had left unfinished last night.
Once it was safely in her grasp, El sat up, leaning her back against the mattress, tucking her knees up near-level with her chest.
Somehow, luckily, the file had managed to remain hidden amongst her blankets the previous night while Jim had helped wipe up her nose and retrieved her a warm glass of milk to help settle her to sleep.
Because of this, El was almost glad Jim had been called into work unexpectedly, despite the fact that Saturdays were usually their day to play board games or work through puzzles on the living room floor.
It had done the trick, and El had dozed off before she could learn more about another potential sister.
El knew, as she watched her adoptive father toss on his hat and grumble out the front door, that she’d would have been unable to focus on anything else until she knew more about Annie Harlow.
As El flipped open the file on her lap, the ache at the base of her skull from the previous night returned, a low throbbing sensation that she chose to ignore as she delved back into the yellowing sheafs of paper, held together with dusty paper clips.
Tongue set between her lips in concentration, El read through whatever she could understand of the documents compiled before her.
Some of the words were too long or too technical even for her dictionary, resting faithfully at her side, but El remembered the trick Jim had taught her about using context to figure out the meaning of tough words and she managed fairly well.
Her last venture into the past had led her to Kali; had driven her away from home and face-to-face with the human monster she had hoped never to see again, even if he’d only been a figment of her imagination, a vision put there by someone she’d trusted.
And, even more interesting to her, was the fact that where the previous files had all contained a date of death, El saw that Annie’s did not.
She felt compelled to talk to this girl, this Annie who had been set free to live amongst regular people.
Once her fingers wrapped around the black and pink bandana, El felt a renewed sense of resolve wash through her chest.
El leaned forward and turned the dials on the television until the screen showed static, a steady hum pulsing in her ears.
She was no stranger to headaches, and besides, maybe they were just a symptom of normal-people nosebleeds.
The pressure at the back of her head continued to build, an ache spreading out over her ears and settling in behind her eyes.
El swallowed, fearful of venturing to the In-Between and prying into places she wasn’t entirely sure she belonged, but an inexplicable force pushed her forward.
Tentatively, El folded up the photograph of Annie she had happened upon the previous night and stood, approaching her dresser and opening the top drawer to rifle around for a familiar something she knew was there.
The bandana itself had been a gift from Lucas, given to her shortly after everything GST had happened last November, and it always made her feel as if her friends were close by; it made her feel brave.
El reached out and placed a shaking hand on Annie’s shoulder, unsurprised but still frustrated as she watched the woman in front of her dissolve into smoke and air.
Her mouth a slash of determination, she hurried back to the living room and took a seat in front of the old television set.
She pulled the cloth down over her eyes and sat quietly, focusing intently, allowing herself to push out the edges of her mind, expand herself until she was no longer contained in her body.
Hesitating for a brief moment before carrying on, she allowed the light to guide her, its warm yellow glow leading her forward.
As she moved, El drew in a deep breath, steadying her nerves, unable to shake the feeling that she was being watched by multiple sets of eyes.
She felt as though she walked for long, slow minutes before reaching the source of the light—a small and cluttered kitchen table, papers stacked high across its surface.
There was a tall mug with yellow daisies patterned across its white surface set upon the table, its contents still steaming.
Beside it, a newspaper was open to a crossword puzzle, a black pen set down over its black-and-white squares.
That was today’s paper and Indianapolis wasn’t all that far from Hawkins, not according to the maps Jim had showed her of the state.
El followed, looking on as she settled into her chair and returned to the crossword puzzle, tapping the pen on her cheek as she thought.
As El drew nearer, her heart began to beat rapidly once more as each of the woman’s features came into clearer focus.
Her hair was longer than in the picture, but it was still shiny and straight, running straight to the middle of her back.
The woman gave no indication she had heard, as she shook her head and moved her hand to press the bridge of her nose, the same way Jim did when he had a headache.
El hesitated to speak, but took another step forward, her entire body freezing as Annie’s back stiffened, a thin hand flying to the back of her head, right at the base of her skull.
El blinked as her eyes readjusted to the light in the cabin, taking a moment to glance down at the watch fastened to her wrist.
It was Mike’s—or it had once been Mike’s, but like the sweater she wore, it had been unofficially adopted into her wardrobe.
It was almost as if they performed their unhappiness like a theatrical routine and Steve was left to be the unwitting audience member.
As she flicked the television off and hurried back to her bedroom for her supercom, El decided she would worry about Annie later.
Steve was certain that Dustin and his mother had enough energy and laughter to fill even the vaulted ceilings of the place his father only half-jokingly referred to as Harrinon Manor.
Steve’s dad was almost always away on business trips and his mother could generally be found at brunch or at the spa for a day of pampering with friends.
He enjoyed having the house to himself, not having to listen to his father chatter away on the phone with his business associates or his secretary/latest fling while his mother flung pots and pans around in the kitchen, muttering to herself about how she deserved to be treated.
He’d much rather the mellow silence of empty halls, the echoing beep of the toaster as it indicated his bagel was ready.
Whenever he stopped by to help out with chores, Steve could expect to shovel down as many blueberry pancakes as Claudia Henderson stacked on his plate.
As it was, the Henderson house—though Steve always thought of it more as a home—was overflowing with warmth.
On this particular Saturday, Steve had arrived at the Hendersons’ just after ten to work on a bout of spring cleaning in the cellar.
Steve had been down there for nearly half an hour with the radio going, sweeping up and humming along to Tears for Fears when he felt a hand clamp down on his shoulder.
Shocked, Steve whipped around, broom in his hand like a makeshift weapon, catching sight of Dustin with a toolbox in his hand and a huge smile on his face.
“Want to warn me when you sneak up on me like that?” Steve hissed, setting the broom down and crossing his arms over his chest, trying to preserve whatever shred of dignity he had left intact.
It was a strange sensation, to pull open the large wooden doors and descend the darkened steps unarmed and without expecting a large reptilian creature to come flying at his face.
Dustin scowled and flipped him the bird before gesturing to a large and familiar hole in the wall at the far end of the cellar.
“Wouldn’t be sneaking if I warned you,” Dustin muttered, that damn shit-eating grin growing even bigger, “And I wasn’t sneaking.
“Can’t believe your mom still hasn’t seen it,” Steve chuckled, shaking his head, “How many times did you freeze your ass off to come down here for her this winter?”.
“You good to do this before we work on your Bio stuff?” Back in the house, Steve’s backpack sat on one of the kitchen chairs, his science homework tucked away and waiting.
The box was hefty as he brought them over to the crumbled wall, Steve was impressed Dustin had managed to carry them all the way from the shed.
He set the box down on the floor and kneeled to assess the damage, Dustin hovering over his shoulder.
Broken rocks and large sticks blown in over the winter cluttered the opening and Steve brushed them aside to reveal a dark and gaping interior, the smell musty and damp.
He glanced down the tunnel, momentarily caught up in a memory of a night back in November when he had nearly died far too many times.
She glanced up at the familiar voice calling her name to see Donald, her boss, standing over her looking concerned.
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine,” he mumbled, trying to convince himself just as much as Dustin, “Let’s just get this thing patched up, okay?”.
“Well, just go on, okay?” Donald told her, coming around the counter, “I’ll cover here for a little while.”.
Her lunch was packed away in the breakroom—an apple and half a peanut butter sandwich—but she felt as though she needed air all of a sudden.
Pushing through the large glass doors, Joyce’s eyes swept over the street bench on which she had spent so many lunch hours with Bob and she turned hurriedly in the opposite direction, trembling hands working on pulling a cigarette from the pack in the back pocket of her jeans and lighting it.
From her spot behind the counter of the General Store, Joyce eyed the clock, absent-mindedly ringing through customer purchases.
The police precinct was a fifteen minute walk, but Joyce set off in that direction, her feet more certain than her mind in bringing her there.
She's put them all in danger, and now Mike, Hopper, maybe everyone else are all dead because of her.