She can feel his hand wrapped tightly around her own, holding it like he’s the only thing keeping her from slipping away.
She doesn’t know how long he’s been here, but based on the wetness on the bed, she can tell it’s been a while.
Scully brings his hand from her waist to under her hospital gown, right above her already slightly damp panties.
Mulder doesn’t dare move his hands, even though he desperately wants to touch every inch of Scully’s body.
There wasn’t a thing in this world that could stop Fox Mulder from being by her side, not even Bill–though he tried pretty hard.
It takes a few moments for Mulder to process the implications of her action and to pull away from the kiss.
Of course she would only realize when she’s faced with certain death how much she loves his spooky ass, how nothing she ever felt for any man ever compared to what she feels for Mulder.
The pain she feels looking into those sad eyes is worse than anything the cancer or the treatments have thrown at her.
Her walls clench around his fingers, desperately trying to hold onto him and anchor herself in the world of the living.
Something about knowing this would be the last time she ever experienced ecstasy made her entire body heightened with need.
The moment she told him that the cancer was in remission, he was finally able to breathe for the first time in months.
They stay like that, in silence, just looking into each other’s eyes for what feels like an eternity until Mulder could feel Scully’s breathing start to increase.
“Tell me what you need, Scully.” He whispers, but what he really means is ‘Please, don’t let me hurt you.’.
He curls his fingers upwards and gives a little more pressure on her clit, and it’s all it takes to send her over the edge.
He gently pulls his still warm fingers from Scully’s panties, and wraps his arm around her with the intention to never let go.
He hadn’t realized the toll Scully’s cancer had taken on him until it was all over (at least for now).
Even though it still didn’t feel real to him, that she was really safe, he knew that it was time to stop fighting and finally rest.
“Shouldn’t you be getting some rest?” Mulder tried to sound cheerful, but there was still a sense of sadness in his voice.
Long after the Scully family had parted the hospital with large smiles and tears of joy and after the nurses had left Scully to get some much-deserved rest, Mulder snuck back into Scully’s room.
“It’s ok, Mulder.” Her hands made their way to his head and traced an all too familiar pattern once there.
“I couldn’t sleep.” She replied back as he kicked his shoes off and crawled into the tiny bed with her.
When she was first told that she was barren, it barely even registered because why would it matter if a dying woman could have children?
The emptiness and pain she felt when she was near the end had returned, only she wasn’t ready to become reacquainted with it so soon.
Her hands desperately went to his chest, ripping and pulling at the buttons, desperate to feel his bare skin, desperate to feel him.
Scully brroke their fevered kiss, her lips already slightly sore, and pulled off the fucking hospital gown.
Scully’s hand slide under Mulder’s chin and gently lifted his head up enough to press her lips onto his.
He brought his hands to her sides, his fingers gently grazed the ribs that poked through the skin, a reminder to him that he had almost lost her.
Scully finally sees the flash of hunger in his eyes that mimics her own as he grinds his hard, clothed dick against her wet panties.
Despite the erection that was now pressed into her too-thin stomach, he was willing to stay like this forever.
Remind me what it’s like to feel alive.” She whispered against his lips as her small hand finally made contact with his glorious erection.
I got you.” Her words echoed his words from another encounter in what seemed like another life time.
She watched as Mulder lunged out from the corner, bringing both his own body and that of the suspect to the pavement.
“Mulder He’s headed your way” Scully shouted, gun raised, eyes focused as the suspect made a turn away from her.
Scully grimaced at the noise, lowering her gun now that Mulder had the suspect pinned under his knee.
Police removed the suspect and left Scully to help her partner to his feet, smiling up at him as her hand shielded her eyes from the sun.
“There’s a lot of things you don’t know about me yet, Scully,” Mulder teased as he brushed dirt from his pants.
They had been called onto this case for an extra set of hands and though it wasn’t an X file, even Mulder had jumped at the opportunity to get off desk duty.
It was a fairly simple drug bust, but Scully missed how her pulse pounded and how her adrenaline surged from being out on the field again.
They stopped to watch the police car drive away and Scully crossed her arms over her chest, her eyes squinting once again against the sun.
Her eyes rolled but she was unable to stop the slight tug of a smile on her lips as he bumped her shoulder playfully while both of them walked behind the police who loaded the suspect into the car.
Mulder looked down at her with soft eyes, placing his hand on her lower back; a sign of comfort, support, and - recently discovered - affection.
She wasn’t sure what had formed between them, they had exchanged a few odd kisses here and there over the past few months, which Scully had to admit were new and exciting.
It had started one night when she had felt particularly bold, he had dropped her off at home and she’d taken a leap of faith and stood up onto her toes to kiss him.
It had been short and sweet and had left her with a shy smile from the look of pleasant surprise etched onto his face.
It was gentle and at first she had been taken aback by his forwardness, but then he had said she looked beautiful and she’d wanted to kiss him again.
That night they shared in his hotel room in Bellefleur, just talking into the early hours of the morning all those years ago, sparked her initial attraction to him, to his brilliance and remarkable mind.
But in their bubble she just couldn’t stop herself from constantly being sucked into his energy and inviting eyes.
They were gravitating towards each other in a bubble and she feared the moment the bubble would burst, that the after effects would ruin the relationship they had before.
Scully looked down at him and thought about the best way to tackle the situation before she found a spark of courage and threw caution to the wind.
Scully couldn’t speak for Mulder, but she knew her own hesitations towards the progression of her feelings for him.
Scully took her time to shower and change into something more comfortable before she knocked on his door, files under her arm and glasses in hand.
Eyes that seemed to captivate her for a moment now as he smiled down at her and led her towards their rental car.
Once they arrived at the hotel, the sun had only just set so they arranged to make use of their spare time and finish their paperwork.
The air conditioning made their rooms much more accommodating than the heat outside, though Scully had still opted for silk shorts and matching singlet.
It wasn’t long before Scully heard him shuffle on the other side of the door and open it with a smile.
She was well aware he usually slept in nothing but his boxers; having been greeted by the sight in the early mornings when he answered the door rubbing sleep from his eyes.
Gone were the days of keeping herself overly covered in his presence; she had found herself gaining confidence around him and secretly loved the way his eyes would linger on her, finally outwardly admiring her as someone desirable.
She swallowed a slight hiccup of breath when she saw him completely transfixed on the expanse of her bare legs before his eyes moved to her chest and she felt her nipples tighten in response.
She took in his appearance; wet hair, shirt stuck to some wet spots on his skin and a pair of simple sweatpants.
She opted for the floor in front of the coffee table, legs crossed and tucked under her as he stood by the door for a moment.
Mulder raised up his arm and Scully smiled as she ducked her head and slipped under and into the room, looking around the room with a sigh.
With him, even silence was a comfort and Scully worked better with him next to her and the sound of his pen scrawling over paper.
They continued to work and Scully was only brought out of her concentration when she heard a groan, Mulder stretching and rolling his neck.
She studied him out of the corner of her eye for a moment as Mulder continued, discomfort evident on his face.
Mulder made his way towards the bed and stopped in front of her, his eyes flicking between her and the bed for a few awkward moments as his fingers hesitated in the idea of removing his shirt.
In the end he chose against it and crawled onto the bed face down, a pillow pushed under his cheek for support.
“Shut up, Mulder,” Scully retorted in jest and rolled her eyes, climbing onto the bed and kneeling at his side as she rubbed her hands together in an attempt to warm them.
Push your luck and you’ll get nothing.” It was an empty threat and Mulder knew it because he just smiled and tucked one arm under the pillow.
“It will be easier if you take this off.” Scully had to bite a retort in her throat as he looked back at her with a cocked eyebrow.
Straddling his thighs, a slight blush crept onto across her nose when she heard a soft moan slip from his lips.
He felt hot and smooth as she ran her hands up the middle of his back with enough pressure that evoked a content rumble.
Scully knew these muscles like the back of her hand but everything left her brain after a few moments of her hands on his skin.
Instinct kicked in and she followed the curve of his spine, allowing her weight to travel down to her fingers.
Scully rose to her knees and shuffled forward so her hands could reach his shoulder as she worked her way towards the area that caused him pain.
She shook her head in an attempt to erase the lustful thought, which caused her hair to fall and curtain her face.
Settling on his ass, her eyes focused on how his skin rippled under her the movement of her fingers until Mulder suddenly jolted away from her.
“Is that where it’s uncomfortable?” Scully questioned, easing the pressure off slightly as she looked down at him with warm eyes.
Scully pressed harder once again and settled back into a rhythm as Mulder moved his head and rested it back into the pillow, shielding his eyes from her.
His muscles soon relaxed under her touch as she continued to work, a deep blush blossoming on her cheeks, and a warmth soon settled in her stomach as she bounced slightly against his ass with every movement of her hands.
The way the curve of his right ass cheek managed to hit just the right spot applied a delicious pressure between her legs.
She knew she should but she didn’t seem to have control over how her hips rocked gently against him.
She couldn’t be sure and she mentally chastised herself for being so focused on the feeling of him underneath her to maintain awareness.
There was a sudden shift in the air as Scully swallowed, her fingers continuing once more, this time making a solid attempt to keep her hips still.
Though it was impractical to keep them completely still and she couldn’t help the slight movement as she bore her weight down into her hands.
Scully bit her lip and tried to focus on her fingers moving against his muscles, which became increasingly harder when she felt fingertips brushing delicately against her knee.
She tried, but after a few moments she looked down and saw Mulder’s fingers playing with the skin of her knee with his head still planted firmly into the bed.
Scully looked down to meet his gaze, his eyes were almost black and his cheeks had a flush all of their own.
It took a second for everything to register, then the flush of arousal on her cheeks was suddenly replaced by a deep blush of embarrassment.
“I’m not sure this is the type of massage you signed up for,” he chuckled in an attempt to ease the tension between them, rolling his hips once again to keep his weight off the bed.
Every touch sent butterflies to her stomach and it was those butterflies that spurred her on, to rock her hips again now unable to stop her natural instinct to seek relief of the heat she could feel between her legs.
Scully bit her lip and couldn’t take her eyes off him as he rolled over and she caught a glimpse of the erection tented in his pants, a small wet patch on the fabric.
It was obvious her movements had some effect on him, she could feel it in how he seemed to be dry humping the bed.
Scully licked her lips as her thoughts raced along with the rapid pounding of her pulse in her chest and between her legs.
“I’m sorry about this,” Mulder paused, looking at her with a childish blush of his cheeks as he nodded to the pillow before avoiding her gaze.
But arousal hadn’t been one of them until now and the way he looked at her kicked her hormones into overdrive.
It was like the last six years of pent up energy hit her all at once and her body ached for him now that he was so.
“I guess you just give one hell of a massage.” His voice was rough and low but he gave her a gentle smile.
She could tell he was trying to lighten the mood and she appreciated him for that; her lips curled into a small smile to show him she was thankful for his attempt to ease the tension between them.
They were now close enough to share the same breath as she reached out to trace his jaw with her thumbs and over the slight stubble on his chin.
But her body was tuned into him now and she found herself unwilling to hold herself back any longer.
A silent prayer was sent above as she got to her hands and knees and crawled towards him, stopping beside him before getting up onto her knees.
Her thumbs stopped on his lips as they pushed gently down on his bottom lip, the air thick and all Scully could feel was his warmth.
She leaned forward and urged him to deepen the kiss with a lick of her tongue on his bottom lip and when he parted his lips, that was all the invitation she needed.
They hadn’t shared anything but chaste kisses in the past and that was nothing compared to how he felt against her tongue.
The kiss was heated and fervent and Scully found herself conflicted; she didn’t want it to end but she also wanted to turn and run in the opposite direction.
Mulder rumbled deep in his chest which caused Scully to whimper in return, allowing herself to be consumed by him.
He pulled away from her sudden movement and she swallowed a whine of disapproval, sitting back down onto her heels.
Though that hesitation got smaller and smaller with every brush of his fingers on her skin and movement against her lips and when he nibbled on her bottom lip, her knees buckled with arousal.
Her lips were hot and swollen as she caught her breath, his fingers still resting on her collarbones and every brush sent pulses down to her centre.
He looked so beautiful in this state of arousal and she didn’t think it possible for his bottom lip to look even more kissable than before.
Scully found herself unsure of what to do; her mind and body were still conflicted, but the longer her eyes lingered on his lips, the more she found herself running out of excuses to push him away.
Scully moved one hand and reached for the pillow, intertwining her fingers with his as Mulder gripped the pillow tighter.
There was a primal attraction and if he was willing, she wanted to submit to it and give herself to him.
Scully felt her pulse quicken as she removed the pillow and threw it to the side of the bed, his eyes on her as she looked down to admire the full state of arousal he tried to shield from her.
They had seen each other naked before and she hadn’t been able to stop herself from looking at him, purely out of curiosity, under the spray of the quarantine showers, but she had never seen him aroused and so proudly on display just for her.
Mulder’s smile faltered when she rubbed herself against him, pushing his erection flush between them.
He pulled her in for a kiss with a smile on his lips, one that Scully eagerly replied with one of own.
A groan fell from his lips as she rolled her hips, the friction delicious as Scully pulled away from the kiss, their foreheads pressing together as they continued to rock.
Straddling his lap, she wrapped her arms around his neck for support and this time he was the first to make a move.
His hands hovered above her exposed thighs, his fingers opening and closing in fists as his hips rolled with her, making serious attempts to thrust against her damp centre.
Her eyes watched him as he fought with himself, obviously unsure if he could touch her like he wanted to.
He looked at her confused when she stopped her hips before she reached down and took his hands in hers, putting them on her thighs to give him encouragement.
Scully sucked in a breath as she allowed him to move his hands up her thighs, resting her hands on his arms in a soft hold as he explored her skin.
Mulder guided his hands under the thin fabric of her shirt and her hips began to move again, her body now pulled flush against him.
She bit her lip as he looked down at her breasts pushed against his chest and her nipples hardened from the sensation.
Mulder’s hands moved to grasp her ass with no hesitation now as he encouraged the movement of her hips.
“You have no idea how long I have wanted to feel you in my lap like this.” Mulder remarked with a smile on his lips that Scully could only describe as a smirk of pure lust.
His thumbs tucked into her underwear and the touch was so intimate it caused arousal to flood from her centre.
Scully moved to kiss him with instantly parted lips, inviting him to deepen the kiss with enthusiasm.
His hands held her tight as he gave a sharp thrust of his hips, causing Scully to give a high pitched sigh as she bit his lip once before resting her nose on his cheek.
Her hands slid down between them and rested either side of the erection tented in his pants as her fingers itched to touch him.
She bit her bottom lip, removed his pants and watched how his erection sprung itself free and lay hard and swollen against his stomach.
His fingers tangled in her hair as they kissed, his thumbs brushing her cheeks in affection that made Scully’s heart jump.
Trust didn’t come easy for her and especially not in the bedroom, but right now she trusted Mulder with her body.
He smiled into the kiss and gasped when Scully’s fingertips brushed the underside of his cock, her blunt nails dragging softly from base to tip.
Mulder opened his eyes, looking at her smirking in affection while her nails continued to tease him.
I guess it wasn’t.” Scully bit her bottom lip as she watched Mulder’s head fall backwards with pleasure.
Mulder groaned, gripping the sheets as he started to thrust his hips in a desperate attempt to achieve some relief.
Mulder was so warm and his skin so soft in her hand as she collected his precum and used it to coat her fingertips so she could glide easier against his cock.
Taking her time, Scully marvelled at the different moans and gasps she brought out of him with the different movements of her hand; like a twist of her wrist or a squeeze of the tip of his cock.
She caught him off guard when she cupped his scrotum and his hips jolted up, parting his thighs to allow more space as her hand sped up.
Mulder nodded as Scully stood up on shaky legs as she removed her shorts, her fingers resting on the band of her underwear.
He was so close to where she desperately wanted him and her eyes nearly bulged out of her head when she felt his forehead on her stomach, his hands resting on the back of her thighs, holding her against him.
Mulder’s fingers brushed over her clit and her knees shook as Mulder helped her to straddle him once again.
No comment was made about the slick sounds from his fingers exploring her wetness, but her arousal seemed to only spur him on.
As he collected her wetness onto his fingers, nuzzling into her neck, Scully couldn’t help arching into him.